 I'm a professional organizer and Tiz, the season. Today we are decluttering and organizing this garage and all of the holiday decor and we're going to show you how. A project like this can quickly become overwhelming, but when you follow the core form method, I promise it makes it so much easier. The first step is clear out, so we're going to make some space and start building these shelves. These are my favorite four garages that don't have built-in storage. Step two is categorizing. So we're collecting like items and breaking them down into our sorting bins. Some of the core categories that we use for holiday are ornaments, figurines, garland, lights, and wreaths. We're now ready for step three, which is purge, so I'm going to bring the client in and take her through each category to make decisions using the three-second rule. And in a short amount of time, this was everything she was able to purge. If you don't know my three-second rule, go check out my playlist and follow. We are now onto the final step, contain. We always store our categories together, so we're just finding the bins that are going to fit everything comfortably. I always prefer clear bins, so you can actually see what you have, and of course we add labels. As we finish up the holiday section, we're then going to move on to the other side of the garage. This is where we're going to store our auto, tools, gardening, and utilities. The built-in storage is very handy, and of course we're keeping regularly used items down low. Our client had a great idea to hang the rees, and I love this idea. Quick cleanup, and if you don't remember the before, here it is, and here is our after. Anytime you're tackling an organizing project, it is so important to follow a method. It's all about taking small steps so you can get to those big results. If you don't know what to do, or where to start, I do have my declutter kit, which is an 80-page digital download. It is a step-by-step guide that walks you through every room of your house. If you need a little bit more help, I do offer virtual organizing. All of this you can find on my page.