 What's going on everybody? I decided to paint my garage wall and since I decided to do it, I wanted to share it with you guys. It's my first time painting any type of interior walls and it was pretty easy to do. I got the dust off the walls using this tool that I used for like drying off windows after cleaning them. The type of paint I was using is Stone Terrace 8,05-5E. I got it from Lowe's. It was pretty cheap. It was about $50 of bucket for like some decent quality paint. I like it a lot. It's outdoor paint, so it's pretty. Good in the elements and stuff. And since I'm painting the garage interior, I'm not really worried about the elements eating on it like that. But I wanted to take that extra step of precaution just in case, you know. The only tools that I use was a regular roller, a can of paint. The paint pan that holds the paint and you run the roller against and the extension pole, which the extension pole was a must have for this high ceiling. As you can see, I was working in sections and I was worried that the paint wasn't going to dry looking the same or it was going to dry with a bunch of streaks on it because of the roller and whatnot. But that wasn't the case at all. I started off globbin' the paint on the roller by dipping it into the heavier paint section and not really rolling it on the end as much and just trying to like slap it on the wall. And I found that it got more paint across the wall in the long run. But also while I was rolling it, it would like splatter back on me or splatter on other things. So, a pro tip for that would be make sure you dip it into the paint section but roll it against the little rivets and the paint pan before putting it on the wall. Roll it on there maybe like five times and then put it on the wall. You might not get as much on the wall but you won't get a lot of back splash. I did forget the mention that I did use a paint brush as well because there were some sections that the roller just wouldn't get into or maybe it was just like too close to other items that I wasn't trying to paint over. And I don't think you need a specific paint brush. I used like an edger brush or something like that and it worked perfectly fine. So, I was only doing this section today because it took me about an hour to do that whole side of just one wall and I didn't want to do the rest of it like that. So, I said I'll open up my spray gun and see if that will do it a lot faster or at least a little faster. You might not be able to tell but it took a lot of effort and you need for me to be able to paint this one side of the wall. So, I was like no way I'm doing the whole garage like this. So, if you want to see how much faster the sprayer is compared to the roller, just stay tuned for part two and I'll be posting then a couple of days. But for now, peace out.