 In this video I'm going to show you how to build a fast, easy and strong shelving. For your garage or your basement, whatever storage needs you need. So I'm going to see how big I'm going to want this. I'm going to find the middle location. I'm going to find that I have three posts, one, two, and three. Jami, now, by Transformers headphones, I'm making my shelving 11 and a half feet long. So I'm going to cut each of these boards into 69 inches. I'm going to need 12 of these boards, and they will all be horizontal to the length of the shelving. And yes, I know I only cut six. I'm going to cut the other six in a little bit. But first I'm going to determine how high I want each of these shelves to be. Me personally, I have a big cooler and big stuff, so I want at least 20 inches or 22 inches in between every level. After marking all my level lines, I'm going to first board up, make sure that it's nice and level. It doesn't hurt to look through the crown of the board and see which way that it's going. You want the crown up, which is if you look down the board, you're going to see that it's like bent one way or the other. If you want that crown up, that way if it ever does sag over time, it's just going to be flat and level. Also, you have a hall face in the same way. It keeps all your boards and stuff from twisting. And once this is super strong, so I'm going with GRK, number nine, two and a half inch screws that are rated for $876 pound force. And I'm putting two of these in each vertical stud. Don't make sure these things don't go nowhere. I'm going to finish up this side. I'm going to go over to the other side. It's basically the exact same thing. Just repeat it all the same steps. Screw it all to the studs. Make sure everything is level. Boards meet up to each other. More screw in. Plenty of screws for this job. On to the last one for this, for the back one. These next boards I'm going to cut to how deep I want the shelves to be. I want them to be about two foot deep. So I'm going to make all these two foot, mark them all and cut them on my miter saw. Next is pocket holes with my Craig jig. And then I'm going to screw these under those back boards. Make sure that all of the screw holes are all faced in the same way just to make it all uniform. Mark some lines where I want each of these supports. I cut all these supports from the scratch from the longer boards that I reuse and I need some more so I'm going to cut some more up and then run this whole pile through the Craig jig. And if you can tell or not, there's a lot of holes to be drilled in this one. And these pocket holes are always super strong. And then you don't need to tone out your boards and then you've got all your boards splitting on accident. Then I'm going to go back to fasten all these supports back up again. These supports will help keep the wood that goes on top of your shelves from bowing down or sagging. And no one likes to wood the sag. I'm putting all these screws into the boards but not stick out the ends that were already there and ready to go makes it a little bit easier. And then we're back on the long front boards. I couldn't have forgot what to hold the one end so I used a C clamp and it worked really well. If you got a second person it also helps. Screw on the one side and then put the other side to where it's level and then you put all the rest of the screws in after that. You can see how that C clamp is just holding that board right there that way I don't have to hold it. And then I'm going to go back and screw in all the supports into that front face board and back on the other side again. And apparently I forgot to move my camera to the right just a little bit because I would have helped. Now I must have added my posts one in the middle and one on each end. Making sure all the boards and everything are all level. Next I'll be cutting the tops of the shelves using my stick earlier saw. I'm going to measure the two foot mark and draw a line across it. I'm going to adjust my blade depth that way I don't cut through the bottom plywood or anything else underneath it. Then I'm going to cut right along that line and I'm going to pick that shelf up and put up here on top. And then I'm going to put a few screws in just to hold it in place while I get the other shelves in. I'll do the same thing there and put this couple of screws in. I'm going to put on the back leg and I'm going to start measuring this plywood to cut this bottom shelf. Same thing as before. Measure it. Draw a line and cut it. And I don't know if you noticed that I mismeasured my shelves and it being two feet and three inches long which half of a sheet of plywood is two feet and well I couldn't use two halves because I was over two feet. But on the bright side my shelves are a little bit deeper than I wanted and that's okay. Means my giant ass cooler would actually fit up there.