 Hi, my name is Lauren. I'm a professional organizer and owner of the bare minimalist organizing solutions. Today I'm going to share my step-by-step process in organizing this client's garage and show you how we transform this space from this into this. First and foremost, I want to address that this space was organized with functionality as a top priority. There is a very wide spectrum when it comes to organization and I think a lot of us assume that all organization involves Pinterest perfect matching bins and pretty labels. And while I am an absolute advocate for anything color coordinated and aesthetically pleasing, that just isn't as practical or cost effective as you may think for many of my clients. Okay, so let's get started. First, I begin with a clear out this May sounds hideous, but it is absolutely essential as a first step in the right direction. Every single item in this garage needs to be accounted for. Then I begin categorizing like items with like items. I present each category to my client. We move into the editing process. What stays and what goes? I repeat this often, but you cannot clean clutter. In this particular case, downsizing was absolutely essential. The space we have can often dictate the amount that you own. This client was an absolute rock star when it came to downsizing. We often get emotionally attached to belongings, so there is a psychological element to be addressed during this phase. Then comes the donation drop off. In this case, we had quite a few donation drop offs. My client chooses their charity of choice and I handle the rest. Next up, I tackle all of the recycling and discarding of materials. Once we get through this part of the process, I then move on to zoning. This is where space planning comes in. Areas are divided into specific zones based on purpose or function. And ultimately, everything will have a designated place. The last step is product placement. In this client's case, we use bins and containers that she already owned rather than purchasing excess materials. I always say this part of the process is like Tetris. I'm working to mindfully place all the clients belongings in a way that is structured, streamlined, and makes sense to the client's personal behaviors and functions. And there you have it. After four sessions, this client now has a functional, structured garage space. She can safely store her vehicle and her overflow storage. Happy organizing.