 Part one of turning this absolute disaster into our dream garage. I know it may look like we're hoarders, but I promise we're not. We did, however, let the space get away from us badly. So it is time to clean it all out. We started out by just getting rid of as much of the junk as possible. There was actually a lot of stuff that I could have sold, but I just threw it away because we were just so done and so ready to get rid of everything. You wouldn't believe the randomness that I was just holding on to for no reason. We scored some kitchen cabinets when my best friend renovated her kitchen. Once we cleared out a lot of the junk, we relocated the shelves that were on the back wall over to the side. And then we created a space for us to mount these kitchen cabinets. Installing the cabinets were super easy. We decided just to do the uppers at first. My brilliant husband had the idea of using these jack stands and that made it an absolute breeze. We just marked out all our studs, screwed the first cabinet into the studs in the right place after we got it level. And then we clamped to the face frame of the second cabinet and screwed that to the first cabinet and then attached that one in the studs as well. And then we just put the doors back on. I accidentally attached one of the cabinet doors outside down, but that's okay because I wanted it to open that direction anyways. So I just have to move the knob. The third cabinet door is actually broken and I'm going to have to fix that which I think should be pretty easy. After we got the cabinets installed, I cleaned the ever living daylights out of them. And then I found some old wallpaper that was peel and stick and it actually had a sheen to it. So I thought we could use it as contact paper. And I had barely enough to be able to cover everything that I needed. About a year ago, I created an attic access in my master bathroom. But the storage space above was still unusable. So I decided to take the old mudroom cabinets that I had ripped out and cut them down and use the planks to create a floor space in my attic for storage. Now I was able to get all these bins out of this spot in my garage and put them up in the attic. I also found some interesting things at the bottom of the stack that I hadn't seen in quite a while, like this huge box of old nasty porcelain dolls, which I did get rid of even though they were sentimental. We decided to get rid of this old entertainment center that we had previously cut in half and turned it into a work table many years ago. But we did end up saving the top of it because it ended up being the exact size we needed or the countertop we just installed. The last thing we did was install a wood storage rack and then just loaded it up with as much wood as we could. But there was so much more left and that's what I have to do next is just keep going through and getting rid of more wood, which hurts my heart. Y'all know I reuse the scrap wood constantly, but this is a little bit excessive.