 They're horizontal, see this more real? Smaller organizers for the garage. And as you can see, it's really easy to pull these out. But I had a couple people ask, can you build these and turn them horizontal? Pretty much like this. If we did that, you would be saving close to 14 inches. So today we're gonna rebuild these out of horizontal to save you some space in your garage. The plans, the cuts, what you need is all gonna be written down, completely free. We're not charging anything. So make sure you check out our Facebook page. The link is in my bio, the plans. So these are all the cuts that we're gonna be using. We're gonna start by building a box. So we'll grab two full size two by fours. Our 32 inch set it right there. Our 35 inch set that over here. We're like an inch shy when we're building them horizontal. So what we're gonna do is we're gonna put the two by four on top like this, on this side. And then on this side, instead of going under, we're gonna go on the side right here. And we're gonna look for some type of bracket we can install here. That way it gives us that extra inch that we need. All right, we're gonna need to pre-drill these corners. Shhh. The reason we wanna pre-drill, so we don't split the wood. We're so close to the edge, we'll split it. Day two of the new hire. We're gonna load him up with some screws so he can help us. All right. Now we're gonna screw the other side again. We're making this one different. It's not sitting on the bottom of the top here. We're gonna have to get a bracket. That way we can get that extra inch. Otherwise, we'll be short. Good boy. Good boy. Now we're gonna use our ampoles 30 and 5'8s. We're gonna place one on the top, one on the bottom, just like this. Good boy. These blocks. I'm gonna scoot them to the next one. Scoot it over here, grab another 32 inch. Grab a screw, screw this side. We're gonna build the second wall, same size, same setup. Before we continue, we're gonna be putting some of these metal brackets right here to help hold this because we weren't able to set it underneath. The reason we did this is because putting them horizontal, the 2x4 is only 8 feet, and it barely reaches. So we wanna do it like this, that way we have enough room, and we're just gonna add our bracket to reinforce it. Just like that. And now we'll repeat this process on the other one. All right. The next step. We're gonna cut two pieces at 15. These are gonna go right here in between both of the walls before we start assembling the walls. This is just gonna help us keep it spaced out and keep it from falling. Toe screw these into the wall. Good boy. Come on. I need another screw. Come on. Good boy. Nice. Tightly sorrly and to the left now. Switching back to the right. Keep the right angleblind to get awkward. Some new ones,那么 maybe the main last level. Will thatче click on this C and to go for some...! Good boy. Good morning. That bottom piece is holding it together and now we can start assembling our rails. Two pieces for this side, two pieces for the center, two pieces for over there. These are going to go horizontal like this for our rails. But before we start assembling those, let's grab our templates. We're going to be using the 10 inch templates and we're going to set these right here. Rail pieces are already pre-cut and these are going to go right like this. Nice and flush to the front. If you see in the back right here, we got an inch and a half left. The other rail is going to get screwed on to here. This is what's going to hold the bins. We're going to grab the front little template, move it to this side. We'll grab our back rail, set it in place like this. I'm going to screw this to the back. We'll put the template on the side. Put it in from the front first. All right. Now we can remove these. Put them on the other side and we're going to repeat the process. We're going to build another rail system just like this and let's test fit it to make sure it's worth making sure it's doing what we wanted to. We want it to sit right here on the back just like that. Looks good. So we're going to continue to go down the row building the next one. We're going to grab our 12 inch templates for the top rails and we're going to set those right over here. Another rail, set it here. We're going to screw it on the same process as the bottom ones and then put our back piece on and repeat it down there. All right. So this is what the frame looks like. It's ready to add our plywood to the top. So we're going to be cutting that again. I don't think you guys need help with cutting the plywood. We're just going to measure and get it cut and put on. So this is the original one with the totes. Here's the new design. They're horizontal. So this is going to save us more room. But still allow us to pull it out when we need to. Smaller worktop. So if you've got a smaller garage, this one might be the one you need. This one holds six. The one over here is going to hold a total of eight. Now forget the plans are available in our Facebook page, Lincoln Bio.