 You guys have been asking for a full garage tour video, so here it is. Let's talk dimensions. This is a 25 foot about 30 foot garage. Now as there is a drainage system in my garage, there is not. However, I do have a 6 inch slope. So from the rear of the garage, all the way to the front, there is a 6 inch slope. That is what actually helps me wash in this garage. The water just drains out. It doesn't actually go into a drain, it drains out in the front garage door. On top of Florida, I have in the garage. Well, as you can see on top, I have a garage tile. However, on bottom, I do have an epoxy flake. The epoxy flake is a lifetime warranty, so if anything does happen, I have that warranty. That's the reason I did both. Let's talk about the walls. So the whole garage is insulated, and then the drywall is a moisture, mold resistant drywall. Pretty much the same one you would put in a bathroom. On top of that drywall, I have a moisture, water resistant paint. Plus the garage is climate controlled, so that helps with all that as well. Now let's talk about lighting. So the lighting I have in here is actually off Amazon. It is by Insinier. It is a 6,000 Kelvin temperature light, and there's 140,000 lumens in this garage. So it's quite a bit. Let's talk these doors real quick. That door goes to my office, that's a closet, and then that door actually goes into my house. Now if you see a few things that I don't talk about in this video, it's because I'm already talked about them in previous videos, so just go check those out. It's a garage tour of videos. Just go look at those, and I'll tell you everything you need to know. But let's run over here to the cabinets. You haven't seen these yet. So these are just new age cabinets, the bold series. I think it's their cheapest one. Nothing fancy, but obviously, as you can see, there's just a bunch of stuff in it. It's not anything that heavy tools. This is all detailing stuff. That's the only thing in there. So basically, this is just my storage for all my detailing stuff. Now as you can see, the shelves there, with the Cush can be products on it. Those can be all families on as well. Those actually came black, so I didn't have to actually powder code though, so that was nice. That pretty much does it. I've covered everything else on existing videos, so remember to go check those out if you want to know more about something I didn't show you on this video. If you have any comments, questions, anything, leave them below, and I'll make sure to answer those for you. See ya.