 I'm afraid I gotta take down my video with over a million views. That's right, we made a video to show you guys how to build this. But there's a good reason I'm taking down that video and remaking the video because I forgot to include the plans. And I got an 18-page full detail step by step guide that's gonna tell you exactly what you need, the cuts and everything on building this. So the details for this file are gonna be in my bio. I got this storage organizer we're building for the garage. Get what you need and put them back in super simple. I'm gonna show you guys just how easy it is to build this. I'm gonna build it as easy as I can to my life, which is to have a table on the top so I can actually use it and store stuff as well. Remember in order to get perfect cuts like this, it's important to make sure your pencil is really sharp. These are gonna be available in nine different colors. We're gonna be making a small drop of these. Before we start assembling all this, I want you guys to cut some more sample blocks. You're gonna cut two pieces at 21 inches, two pieces at 12 inches, and two pieces at 10 inches. This is gonna be like a template to help build this. That way we're not measuring and using our tape measure all the time. This is gonna make it so much easier. If you have a drill so we can put a bit to pre-drill and an impact gun to put the screws in. If you guys have ever done any framing, I want you guys to imagine you're building a wall. And if you have it, then imagine you're building a wall. We're gonna put one on the top, one on the bottom. Then we're gonna grab our 32 inch and we're gonna put one right here. Our next one, we're gonna go to the other side and we're gonna put one down here. So we're gonna build a box pretty much. And it should line up something like this. Now we're gonna start pre-drilling all the corners. That way we're not splitting the wood at the end of the two by fours. Alright, we got our box. Now we're gonna grab our sample blocks that we made, our 21 inch blocks. We're gonna set these one on the bottom, one on the top, that's the template. I'm gonna set it right in between right here. Alright, and now we can start pre-drilling and screwing these in. Alright, now we remove our sample blocks and we move them to the next one. And we grab another, they're all the same size, right? See how making it as easy as I can for you guys. Pre-drill and screw and we'll go until we get to the last one. Alright, we got our first wall done, that was easy. Now we're gonna repeat the process and build another second wall like this. Now that we got our second wall, we're gonna stand these up. The back wall, just like this. And then our front wall, we'll scoot it back a bit, but it should look something like this. Now we're gonna make another box. We'll grab our 25 inch, we'll put those there on the bottom. And we're gonna toast screw these in to the bottom. Alright, so we got those two bottom pieces on. This is gonna help keep it together while we build these onto there. Alright, now if you guys remember these other small templates, the 10 inch and the 12 inch, these are the ones we're gonna be using to set our, pretty much our rails in between. So we're gonna grab our small 10 inch and we're gonna place one right here on the front and one in the back, one in the back, one in the front. Now we'll grab our 32 inch, we'll place right on top of the 10 inch templates and screw it in. Alright, now we'll do our left side rail, so we'll just move these right over here. We'll grab another 32 inch and place it right on top of this side. Now the way I like to do it, I like to line up the front side because this is gonna be the nice side. And then if it doesn't quite work on the back, if it's short, it's fine. We'll try to make it work as best as we can, but we want it to be as straight as possible on the front side. That's the important side that we're gonna be seeing. So super flush right there just like that. It's like a tiny hair, we just gotta push it in a bit, hold it, and then screw it in. Now we'll move these to the opposite side over here and repeat the process down the row. Alright, this is what it looks like with the bottom rails finished. Now we're gonna do the top rails, we're gonna grab our 12 inch template samples and we're gonna put these just like this and run a new board across. And now we can screw this one on. And you see this is where I like these little templates because we don't have to be measuring or marking. We just use those and continue. Alright, now that we got that one installed, we're gonna do the next one on the top. So we'll move those little studs over and we'll continue building the top one. You could help her. Huh, Kobe, come here. Come boy. I need another screw. Thank you. This is Toby, he's the new hire and he's doing a pretty good job. What do you guys think? Alright, come on, let's go over here. Let me get another screw. Come on. Good boy. I don't know how I feel calling my employee good boy. Good boy. Come on. Good boy. Let me get a screw. Come on over here. Toby. Good boy. Now we got the top rails on and this is what it looks like. The next step, we're gonna add the plywood. That's gonna be pretty simple to do. It'll end up looking like this. I don't think you guys need help in that part. And there you guys have it. Look, we built two units that are four totes by two. A set of plan. The link is in my bio.