 The first thing to think about is insulation. We've got insulation on the door and we've got insulation up there along the ceiling. So let's talk about the door first. Now a lot of garage doors are not insulated. You wanna check yours and see if it is. Now these roll up doors here, they have these bays. And in between each bay, there is either an air gap or there's nothing or there's foam. Now my door was one of the least expensive options when we had it put in because we put it in right when we bought the house and had no money to spend. So later on I came in here with insulation. I have a whole video on how to install this. You can do this whole thing for just a couple bucks and it makes a huge difference. If you're ever out in your garage on the summertime, go ahead and put your hand against your garage door when the sun's hitting it. You might burn yourself. So actually don't do that. Now in the winter time same thing, put your hand against it. It will be so, so cold. You might even see condensation pouring on it because of how cold it is, depending on what climate you're in. This makes a humongous difference. When you think about the size of your garage door and how much radiant heat is coming off that door or cold, how much heat you're losing through that door, it's massive and this is something you can do either by yourself or there's kits. But I've got a link to my video on how to do all this and you can knock this job out and probably about an hour for just a couple bucks. Now moving upstairs or I guess it's upstairs. Here I have an upstairs. I've got a little loft. You can see I got RC planes and all sorts of junk up there. But I have this. This is reflectics or reflective insulation. There's a bunch of names it goes by. But what this stuff is, it goes in between your bays and I'm going to show you real quick. This is how it kind of looks when you put it in there. You can put it in there as one layer or you can put it in there as two layer. But what it does is it forms an air gap and helps prevent that heat. You have the sun beaten down on your roof and it helps that heat from making it into your garage. It makes a humongous, humongous difference between how hot and how cold your garage gets in the summer and winter time. Now one more thing to consider. And I don't know how you can see that is I have one of those turbine vents on my roof. Now those are great for pulling out hot air but where those do cause problems with this in the winter time, if you're trying to heat up your garage, all that hot air is going right out the roof. So if you look at it from a different angle, you'll notice I have a little door there and then I have a rope that comes all the way over to my cabinet here. And let me show you what that does. Now when I pull the rope, it closes that door and then I can tie the rope off to my cabinet. That keeps all of the hot air inside the garage and lets none of it escape. Now in the summertime, when I want that hot air to escape, I can open it right back up and all that hot air goes out. But once I turn on my air conditioner and I'm going to get to that part in just a second, once the garage is being air conditioned, I don't want to let the air out, I can close it right back up. So it's very easy. You do see some people, they put those little hoods over their things on the outside and those are great, but you got to go up on your roof to deal with those. This is something that I can just with a rope, open close, open close, open close, as much as I need. And that was as simple as building a little box around it, putting a hinge on it and running a rope. So it's a real simple thing, and other thing you can knock out real quick in an afternoon. So now that we've talked about installation and keeping the heat in or getting the heat out, let's talk about things like how to cool the air inside your garage. Now I would recommend doing all the installation first before you jump into these, but there's two options. Right here I've got what would be considered an evaporative cooler or a swamp cooler, and over here on the other side of the garage I've got an air conditioner. Now we do live in the California desert, so sometimes we need to run both of these, but let me tell you about the pros and the cons of each. Now the nice thing about the swamp cooler here is it is pretty mobile, it's on wheels, and you can see here I can just roll it around. It doesn't have to be hooked to anything other than an electrical outlet. Now the downside to it is it does need dry air, so you do need to be in a dry,