 Now when you're going to be installing air conditioning in a garage or a shed or something like that, you really have two primary options. It would be this or a mini split. Now don't confuse this system for a swamp cooler or a fan. This is a true air conditioner. It has the controls up at the top and this one also has remote. Now I really like having the remote because I do a lot of filming in the garage for this channel and I can turn my unit on and you can hear it spool up right there. But you can also hear it's pretty loud. When I need to start filming, I can grab the remote out of my pocket, turn the unit off, I can get a shot done and then when I'm setting up the next shot, I can turn it back on. So I really like the remote but this might not be necessary for what you're doing. Now as you can see in my setup, I actually have it set up up on a shelf and I did build that shelf especially for this unit and I really did it for a couple reasons but you don't have to do it that way if you don't want to. But I'll show you why I did it that way. I didn't want to lose the floor space. This thing would normally be sitting there on the floor and I like putting my trash can underneath that. So I can put it up off the ground and I also wanted the thing blowing at me more chest head height because I'm usually standing right over here at my workbench so I can have it blowing right at me and not more at my knees. The other reason though is if you come around behind it, all air conditioners need a couple of things. They need a vent because by nature air conditioners need to vent off hot air and they also need to get rid of their water. Now how I ran this vent line, this is going to vary depending upon what kind of installation and what kind of structure you're in. I have it running out the wall down there. I cut a hole in the wall. And then on the outside here I installed a dryer vent. So it blows out to the dryer vent. The dryer vent actually has a flap in it so it'll prevent critters for going back up inside. Another option for you if you don't want to cut a hole in the side of your house is if you already have an existing dryer vent you may be able to use that. They do have one way valves. You can pick up for those exhaust lines and that way you can install the one way valve so when that's running it doesn't send the air back up into your dryer. A third option and this is great for if you're a renter, it can't cut holes in your house or just don't want to cut holes in your houses. Most houses have these vents in the garage. These are held on by screws. You can remove the vent and actually run the vent hose out through it and then do something out around it to enclose it. So you can really do it one of three ways. Now there is one other thing that you do have to deal with with an air conditioner. And that is this hose. It's a condensation line. Now some air conditioner is like this one. This thing's on wheels and it actually has a little plug there. It has a reservoir. The reservoir can fill up and then you can wheel this thing outside to drain it. But I have the hose running right here and it runs down. And then I have it running out through my door frame and out into the side yard. Now I am planning on doing this with PVC later hard lining it in and punching it through the wall so I don't have this thing in the door. But that's how it's working right now. So I have it kind of strapped with the casing so it doesn't get in the way. Now I do have a link for these things down in the description below so you can check out what I'm talking about. And while you're looking at these pay attention to one thing and that is the BTU rating of each unit. This is an 8000 BTU unit and it's barely enough to keep up with my two car garage. I would really recommend getting something a little bit bigger if you can, especially if you have something larger than a two car garage. And that link is down below if you want to check out the kind of units I'm talking about. Now while you're looking at that link you're going to go you said 50 bucks. Those aren't 50 bucks. Now they are still a really good deal when it comes to air conditioning but they're going to be a couple hundred. I picked this one up for 50 bucks on Craigslist. I actually picked out up another one on Craigslist that's sitting at my work right now and I've been using that one at work. You can find these things on Craigslist, Facebook Marketplace, relatively cheap. The problem is when you need them they're not cheap. That's when everybody wants them. So if you're doing something like this think about it in the winter time. That's when you can pick these things up really, really cheap. But speaking of winter time these can also heat if you get the right kind of unit. And by that I...