 So the garage is very much so still a shit show, but I have completed the shelves and the bench, and I've gotten half of the judges paneling done on this side. I still have this side to go, but I need to get all of this done before I can start over there. So today I'm gonna start putting everything in my shelves. I'm so fucking excited. Here's a close-up for you all. So I'm gonna end up putting all of our extra cans on the shelves, all of our waters, emergency waters, all of our dog food. I'm also gonna put all of our cleaning supplies up here too, and then whatever other miscellaneous shit that I need to put up here. I got these really nice containers for the dog food to put on the shelves so we can easily get this out. Once I clean these shelves off, I'm actually gonna use them for my husband's tools. This whole wall is gonna be used for all of his tools and shit, so I'm probably gonna put those right here. And then over here, I know it sounds bougie and stupid, but I'm gonna end up putting my big anthropology mirror, like right here, and then I'm gonna put this leather chair right next to it over here with like a nice tree, because this three-car garage is gonna end up being a gym area anyways. So also, I'm gonna put this one right here, so ultimately I need to start getting all this shit off of the floor so I can finally epoxy the floor and finish the garage. No problem in your life Thank you so much. Thank you... Oh good job. Thank you. Thank you. Thank you. Idiot! Okay, so this is what I have so far and here's what I realized I can't believe I realized this so late I am gonna need one of those like sliding librarian ladders So I told Chris I was like now you're gonna have to build me one of those because this is 10 feet high So I'm literally gonna have to use this ugly ass ladder just to fucking get up there But I made sure I put everything up here that I like don't use as often and then put more of the things down here that I use More often so I actually forgot that I had these storage baskets So I use these for more of the miscellaneous things especially like the cans up here that looks really ugly, but this is it for now And then part three I'll be finishing all of these shelves I'll be finishing this bench area and I will be epoxying this floor all of this shit over there So that I can start epoxying this main two car garage and I know it's not recommended But I'm gonna have to literally epoxy the third car garage and the second car garage on different days because there's no way That I'm gonna be able to clear out all this shit and set it in my driveway for two days while it cures Especially our refrigerator and freezer So I'm just gonna take all the shit that we're keeping and put it over there once this cures Then I'm gonna bring all of this stuff over here and then I'll be able to kind of piece all of this shit back to go