 This morning my wife held my hand, I liked to me in the eyes and said, do you think you could please tackle the mess that you made in the garage? The per her request, that's what I'm doing today. This mess happened a couple days ago and honestly it's kind of a hazard for my daughter. So hopefully I can clean it up enough today where she can park her car in here. But before I start, if you take any medication or vitamins and you haven't taken them today, you need to take them and you should set up straight. Fix your posture because it's looking pretty rough, right? Alright, let's do this thing. I don't know how I've accumulated so much stuff. Remember that huge wool spider that was right here? Never found them on but I found all the babies. Man I'm trying to think since I am running out of room, do I get rid of this thing? Then move this right here, then move this over and then put all my stuff over here. I don't know, dude. My wife and I did this little poor painting thing. We did this when we found out we were having our little girl. Might hang this up so much. I probably should have done this first but yeah, I think I am going to move this right here. You think I can move this with all this stuff on? I just don't want anything to fall. Maybe if I do it like really slowly. Oh this is like music to my ears. There we go. Alright, I think I've finished looking how organized it kind of is. I need to take some stuff inside but yeah, I gotta sweep all this up. So here's like a better representation of what it like actually looks like. It definitely looks a lot better in here. I just don't know how I have so much stuff. But anyways, it looks a lot better in here and honestly, I'm really happy with it. I think we could even squeeze my wife's car and my car in here. Anyways, this is your sign to clean out an area that you've been kind of neglecting for a while. I think I'm going to wait until my wife gets home and I guess we'll see your reaction. Alright, are you ready to see? Yeah, you told me not to go through the garage. Alright, look at this. Look, you can park your car now. Do you see what I hung up? Oh, cute. From her gender view. That's so sweet. That's been in the garage car park. Yeah, I found it and I was like, I should probably hang that up. It is never mastered or cool. Good, eh? Thanks. Oh wait, what's in there? I won't go through it, I promise. It's the self-redued milk. That is way expired. I just can't get rid of it. There's so much in here. That's crazy.