 Okay, folks, one thing I've got to mention. Look, I'm not a structural engineer. I'm not any sort of engineer I just know that I've seen a lot of folks building and using these, alright? But I don't know what the safety parameters or limitations are so please proceed with caution and answer on risk. So let's keep going. Alright, next step is you're going to mark the two by fours every 16 inches. Alright, so we're not building a space shuttle here, but I like to have nice clean cuts. Sorry. So I'm going to use my speed squared to keep my saw lined up. And you'll get six of these out of one eight foot two by four. Now you're going to need to cut 14 of your two by fours into 16 inch lengths. Alright, the leftovers you're going to want to make four inch blocks out of and you're going to need a total of 10 four inch blocks per cribbing. So it's total of 40 if you're doing four cribbings. Alright, here's what you're going to need to construct one. You're going to need 20 to by four 16 inch long and you're going to need 10 to by four four inch long. As well as obviously some screws. Alright, and from here you just lay things out like so. Alright, you don't need any special tools here. You just need to get it squared up. Just eyeball it and you're fine. We're going to do two screws per corner. Alright, from there get two blocks and you're just going to send them underneath here. Doesn't have to be perfect. And one screw is fine here. And then you just keep building up from there. Okay, folks, so here's the finished product. It's 16 inches square and 15 inches tall and it weighs. I'm going to say around 25 30 pounds. I like to get you an exact weight. Alright, and again, we've got these two by four blocks, these four inches blocks only on two sides. So we got them here, not here, here and not here. That's because this is where the tire is going to be sitting. Alright, the tire is going to sit like so and these blocks will help distribute the weight down to the ground. So if we didn't have these blocks, the weight of the tire sitting right here is going to load the corners more than it's going to load the ground. Okay, so again, the intent of the blocks is if you've got the tire facing in this direction, alright, it helps distribute the load to the ground. Fair enough? Alright, now for my next trick, figuring out how to get the lamons high enough to get the cribbing underneath the wheels. So I went ahead and I bought a new jack. My old jack only lifted up to about 18 and a half inches and this guy right here lifts 23 plus. So that is a big difference and I'm going to need every inch of that. So yeah, it's a Daytona 3 ton, but it is the long reach, low profile jack. The long reach is important. That's the one that gives you the extra lift height, 240 bucks basically at Harbor Freight. So seems to be well made nice and wide and sturdy. So I've already got the front lifted up and sitting on jack stands. So you want to do this in stages. So let's get the back lifted up and on jack stands and then see how far we have to go.