 getting my life together one drawer at a time. Except for today, it's not a drawer, but it's my entire garage. Because listen, it is almost 20, 20, six. And I refuse to step into the new year feeling like I don't have much of it together. So let's get to it. So this is the before I'm not gonna lie, it is pretty bad. We moved in four months ago. We kind of just piled everything we didn't want to put in the house in here. So it never really was organized. So we got a little bit of everything in here. Food, new stuff, old stuff, and a whole bunch of PR. And I am not part of this, okay? I honestly didn't even want to show you others. But I keep having to remind myself that the reason why my platform grew in the first place was because I always kept it real, which I always showed my life for what it was and never faked it. So welcome to my garage. One thing about me is that every aspect of my life can be going great, like finances, health, friendship, motherhood. But if there's just a little bit of disorganization, I feel like my life is in shambles. I just can't function because there's a little voice in the back of my head, tell me, girl, you've got to clean that garage. Now I'm not gonna lie, there's been plenty of times that my man offered to do it, but one thing is I like things the way I like them. Because if you want a task to be completed to your exact standard, sometimes it's just best to do it yourself. So here I am today doing it myself. Another reason why I'm doing it is because I'm getting my hair done tomorrow. And I want to feel like I earned it. Now I know I deserve that end more because I'm a hell of a mother. But this is what I call a reward system. It's a self-reinforcement technique where you pair completing a task with a positive reward. Oh, yeah, I'm getting my hair done tomorrow because I clean the garage today. Honestly, tricking my brain this way really helps me get the things done that I've been putting up. Well, if you're a procrastinator like me, maybe try that. It'd be the smallest thing. Like if I clean the kitchen before I go to sleep, I get to get a Starbucks in the morning. Yeah, I cannot believe that's literally about to be Christmas. Like how did this year go by so fast? Now I understand when the old folks would say that the older they get, the faster time flies. It is so true. But I am so grateful for how this year turned out. I accomplished things that I never thought would have happened. Next year is going to be even better. We got 80 days left until 2026. So start getting your life together right now. Don't wait till the last minute. But y'all, tell me the after this garage is an insane. I swear my brain feels so much lighter. Now as one less thing I got to do.