 Ooh, I just know April is having her baby right now. She got her baby. She hiding him. No. He's right here He's overcooked and his mic mansion and I'm gonna let him I'm gonna let him just the thought of me having to share him with people and other people hone him It don't set well with me So I'm gonna let him stay as long as he needs to stay and honestly my son is just a real one Okay, he is real as heck because he knew that me and his father wanted to finish renovating his garage before you arrived And he was like, you know, I'm gonna stay a little bit y'all see these epoxy floors gorgeous gorgeous You know, I was still against it at first I hate epoxy floors because the fact that sometimes they look like bowling alleys and you know Skating rings would actually came out really nice I'll remember how the wall was looking and how they fixed the lead but they never placed drywall So it was crumbling they fixed the crumble. Okay, we got it painted then we changed the color of the center block The only reason my husband I picked your balter is because we play apex Okay, and that is the player that my husband was playing when I met him. Okay, so of course you put your balter on the center block I'm not gonna lie I really think it made the room pop look at it and then they even painted the doors I mean, I didn't even think the difference it would make to paint a door But it does make a difference we added the fridge because we got a new fridge in the house But we moved the old fridge into the garage these hexagon lights were non-negotiable for my husband apparently He's been dreaming about these I just feel like every new dad sees garage things on Instagram Reels and then they come back and they're like we need it and I had to feel like those are the hexagon lights I feel like I see him all the time and then we had pinks come out I absolutely love pinks They have like the best window cleaning services. They cleaned up our windows They always put their elbows into it and it always looks amazing now look at this before and look at her after you know what? I'm not gonna lie to y'all y'all remember I was against the garage renovation I thought it was pointless but this looks this looks really good We put the cars in there. You see my husband's license plate it says mr. April y'all call him mr. April so much that he now calls himself mr. April listen to this This is out of us telling our son that he can come now, okay?