=== AlysonT_Activity8PainPoints_2025-07-06_102432_1 ===
Hello. I would say the biggest, not really frustration, but difficulty with the lighting styles we were installing definitely was the recessed canned lighting,
just because there's so much more involved when you're hardwiring the lighting into the electrical versus, you know, assembling a lamp or, you know, just using something that attaches to the frame of a picture and doesn't have any cords like the picture frame lighting.
So not that it, like I said, is frustrating.
It's just a little bit more difficult to install the canned lighting.
I could only take the process so far because I have no idea what's involved and how to attach it correctly with the electrical wires.
So in that way, you know, I did feel a little bit helpless because I wasn't able to see the project all the way through.
I was able to, you know, purchase what I wanted and cut the hole in the ceiling, marking it in the location that I got okayed, and then cutting the hole in the ceiling, and then I kind of had to hand it off from there.
So it was definitely a partner job to get that one done.
Thank you.

=== AlysonT_Activity9FutureImprovements_2025-07-06_102808_1 ===
Hello, if I were to do a similar project again, for example, the hard wiring of the recessed can lighting,
I guess doing it that way is because in the area where we were installing it, we're very limited with options.
So I would like a feature, I would prefer track lighting if we could fit it in that area, but the ceiling is a little bit too low for that.
So you always have to take that in consideration, putting in track lighting, how much it's going to drop, you know, down from the ceiling.
So having some kind of, I guess, concept.
A combo of recessed can lighting, but still having track lighting features that you can adjust it a little bit more subtle or have it multiple lights moving different directions, but then not taking away from the ceiling height.
Those are features that I would like to include in the next project.
Hopefully I can find something that would work, especially in the situation where you have a lower ceiling and you want some more stylized lighting there.

=== AlysonT_Q1_2025-06-23_021844_1 ===
Hello, this is an example of a picture light that is rechargeable with batteries or also can connect to a USB cord for power also.
And I have it illuminating a classic art piece print that I got. And it's very subtle, but it does give some spotlight just to accent the picture without any direct overhead light on it. Thank you.
Hello, this is an example of a floor lamp that I put under a piece of art so it would shine up.
On the artwork, it's a little hard to tell, but the artwork, the background in between the squares is a iridescent metal.
So when the light shines on it is when it really comes to life and you can see all the colors.
Hello, this canned spotlight is in a hallway to illuminate various pieces of art. For example, this sculpture on the wall.
And then also this picture diorama of a live bat. Also in this area to have illuminated by this canned spotlight. Thank you.

