=== DianaL_Activity8PainPoints_2025-07-02_104321_1 ===
Some of the challenges I encountered with installing both these lights is honestly I
didn't really know what I was doing. I hadn't done this before but I wanted to
help design this room since we had just bought the house less than two years ago now. So I did
have some assistance with how to actually use drywall screws and anchors and now I feel pretty
comfortable that I could do it again by myself without my husband's help. But you know locating
the spot, putting you can see the screws right there, the cord running down. So I just needed
some overall help on how to do it. So I was able to choose the location and then we went to the
store together to talk to the associate about the size of the anchor and screws that we needed to
hold the weight of the light. And kind of same with the one that went into the stud. So I used
a stud finder before. That part's not the hard part.
It's actually the installation. So I just needed a little bit of help with the electrical box
behind here and just kind of getting it all installed. It wasn't that difficult once I
had a little bit of help but definitely for the first time needed a little bit of instruction
on how to do it. And then once we get them hardwired we won't have to worry about that
anymore. We'll just have to probably remove the electrical box. I'm not totally sure how
hardwiring works.
So I'm just going to go ahead and start the installation and see how it works.

=== DianaL_Activity9FutureImprovements_2025-07-02_105111_1 ===
as far as future opportunities or things I would have done differently honestly I probably would
have just hardwired them to begin with when we had the electrician here fixing other things in
the house when we just moved in we thought we have the lighting let's just use it and then
eventually down the road but it's been almost two years now and we haven't hardwired so I love the
way it looks um both of the pieces you see it over there but hardwiring would just make more sense
um the floor lights the only thing I would change like I said before in a the other video was I do
like the um step one so you could step on it and turn on the light I eventually may just buy one of
those um and make that easier um the process itself wasn't too difficult once I figured out
how to use the drywall
screws and the anchors and it's held up we we chose the right weight you know for the screws
and the anchors and then obviously the stud stays where it's supposed to be but it really wasn't too
hard of a process um there's other art pieces that I want to light up but I'm holding off on
buying any lighting fixtures at this point since we have a lot already
but I probably will hardwire those once I do um but yeah overall the process wasn't
too difficult and I really like the way they turned out

=== DianaL_Q1_2025-06-16_031723_1 ===
Alright this is the video to show the spotlight and lights above the art. So this is the first
one we have here which is illuminating this art. We like it in this corner and it is a plug-in so
we have to go down here and plug it in every time we want to illuminate the art. We have it's hard
to see in the daytime but we have a spotlight over here that spotlights this plant at night.
It is also a plug-in but we leave it plugged in and it has an on-off switch right there. Then we
have this light that illuminates this artwork. It is plugged in in an outlet and I can turn it on
and off really easily with this switch. Then these are on battery so it's also on a timer
so they will turn on I think around five or six at night and stay on for a few hours and they
are on a timer. So they are on a timer and they are on a timer and they are on a timer.
a rechargeable battery and we have two of them here and here and then real quick down the hall
we have a floor lamp in my daughter's bedroom that is a hardwired or plug-in excuse me and I
can turn it on and off here and it has two brightness settings so go all in and brighten
and I can turn it off and that's it thanks

