=== EllenB_Activity8PainPoints_2025-07-03_042058_1 ===
um surprisingly there were no real challenges or um I mean I didn't think that was really
time consuming when putting up these lights um it was very idiot proof um as I like to call it
I'm definitely not the handiest person um so I try and look for like the easy ways to do things
um and one of the things that kind of finalized my decision to buy these lights was that they had
the adhesive strip um the optional adhesive strip um so because I feel like I'm gonna want to
rearrange the photos eventually um make room for more or do something different because I
like to change things up every once in a while um and honestly hanging them up was just as
it was as easy as
taking the strip sticking it to the back of the the light holder thing um I know really
advanced name for that but and then um taking off the other side of the strip sticking it to the
wall um I waited for one minute I followed the instructions exactly uh and then it said to wait
for 24 hours before I stuck the light on kind of like how I explained in my last video um
so I guess all in all that was probably the most time consuming part is the waiting
24 hours before I stuck the light on kind of like how I explained in my last video um so I guess
all in all that was probably the most time consuming part is the waiting um so I guess
all in all that was probably the most time consuming part is the waiting 24 hours before I could actually put the lights on and use them
um I probably could have done it beforehand but I just wanted to
err on the side of caution be on the safe side um
know better safe than sorry I suppose um but yeah I guess that was the
most time-consuming part but it wasn't tricky
it wasn't time consuming well it wasn't challenging
yeah

=== EllenB_Activity9FutureImprovements_2025-07-03_042832_1 ===
So, nothing really that I would do differently, but one thing that I have done in anticipation for, because there's going to be more pictures, I'm waiting on a copy of my son's most recent school picture.
And so, I still want everything to match. So, like I said earlier in one of my videos, I ordered a bunch of the same picture frames, and I did the same with the lights.
I ordered a bunch of the lights in anticipation for using them for future pictures, because honestly, with Amazon, you can reorder stuff, and it's all in your order history.
But I've definitely had times when I've gone to order something again, and it's not there. It's just gone.
And I mean, you can always find something similar, but I don't want it to just be similar. I want it to be exactly the same.
So, I think that was my best foresight action, I suppose.
Like I said, nothing really that I would do different.
But I do have a stockpile of those lights to use for the future.
Did I buy a few too many?
Maybe, but I feel like I can always find a use for them.
There's never a shortage of family pictures, and I can use them all over the house.
Right now, I'm focusing on the staircase, but we have also a giant...
hallway that needs something, and I'm kind of already planning on what I want to do with it.
I want to make a family wall, so something that has the kids and us, meaning my husband and I.
And so, I can use it for that too.
And there's not really any limit on what you can do with those.
It goes with pretty much everything, and that's what I like about it.
So, I don't think that ordering a whole bunch of them was a waste or a bad idea or anything like that.

=== EllenB_Q1_2025-06-22_064429_1 ===
So this is the kind of overpicture lighting that I have.
It's eventually going to go all the way up this wall
as we get more school pictures from the kids.
But for now, this is what we have.
I like these because they're magnetic.
They just come off right here, and then you can recharge them.
They can also change color.
They have a remote.
You can change the color by doing this.
Which is kind of cool.
If I can get it back to the one that I wanted.
There we go.
And then this is the floor lamp I have pointing up at this.
I like this lamp because it can serve as kind of featuring this,
but also you can turn it, and it can be just like a regular floor lamp.
I didn't see a place to input these other two things,
and I did let the person who called me know.
That my recess lighting wasn't exactly, the product didn't work out quite as planned.
But I just wanted to show these other two things too,
because these were the two things that actually did turn out as planned.

