=== FarahN_Activity1-Introductions_2025-07-02_012616_1 ===
Hi there, I'm Farrah and I live in Atlanta, Georgia. I live with my husband and my two kids.
Well, one of my kids is in college, so he is not too far away, about 30 minutes, so we get to see
him often. And my daughter is a junior in, no, a senior in high school, I keep saying junior.
She's starting her senior year in just about a month or two. And yeah, so we're a family of four
and we live in a single family home here in Atlanta, Georgia. And I work in sports and
we are just a busy family. We just got back from vacation, so happy to be here. Thanks for having me.

=== FarahN_Activity2YourStyleandPhilosophy_2025-07-02_012820_1 ===
So I would say my style is pretty simple. I love a monochromatic look. My house is kind of
traditional, but my style is modern, so I kind of like meet it in the middle. I like things just to
be zen and calm and welcoming and inviting, and I would say my goals are just to declutter things,
make things have meaning. I don't like to have things that just are for decoration.
I have artwork to fill the walls because walls need to be filled with space, but I'm not someone
who has a lot of clutter on counters and just knickknacks for the sake of it being on the
counter. So I often have people say, your house looks like it's show ready to be sold.
So I take that as a big compliment. I like things very simple and streamlined and minimalistic,
and I'd say that's probably my style.

=== FarahN_Activity3ProjectMotivation_2025-07-02_075539_1 ===
So talking about what inspired me to put the spotlight on our artwork was essentially getting
the artwork. I had a big wall in our master bedroom and I had a beautiful painting custom
made by an artist that I found at a festival. And yeah, my aesthetic goal was to really just
kind of shine, make the artwork the centerpiece of the room. And it really is. So it really makes
me feel just invited to sort of enjoy the artwork. When I have guests over, I like to
highlight my artwork in my house with the spotlight. And it kind of brings this element
of this like focal point. Everything is so neutral. So the art really kind of makes everything
sort of pop in a way that it was not lit. And I don't have a lot of lighting in the room. That's
one of the reasons why I wanted this spotlight. It really helps to kind of showcase the
artwork and almost bring the whole space to life, which is really great.

=== FarahN_Activity5LightingChoices_2025-07-02_080337_1 ===
So ultimately, um, when it comes to this kind of lighting, I did have a lot of choices. I was on
Instagram, social media, I was on sites like Home Depot, even YouTube. Um, I looked at different
track lighting. I looked at different, um, antique, more of a fixture lighting as a spotlight.
Um, and I looked at things, yeah, just like directly mounted above the piece, above the artwork,
um, versus in the wall. Um, and I ultimately decided just to do this simplicity of a,
just a standard traditional directional spotlight because I didn't want it to distract from the
artwork. And I was just afraid that people were going to, or myself, um, was going to like look
at the space and just focus on the brass or the chrome or whatever metal I decided on. Um, and I
really wanted it more flush and simplistic because the decor of the room is very simplistic.
So, um, I wanted that sort of direction, that control, the directionality of the light to go
right onto the artwork and sort of render just a pop of brightness on the artwork. So, um, I think
it just integrates well with the environment overall. Um, and you know, just the textures,
the color, the dimension of the artwork really just lended itself to the simplistic way of just
having that spotlight right on it.

=== FarahN_Activity6Step-by-StepWalkthrough_2025-07-02_082330_1 ===
Okay so our spotlight is in this room that just doesn't have a lot of light so it's an important
one. It really showcases the beauty of this new painting that we got and really to install it
above the artwork I kind of started to plan a placement on the ceiling. I knew I wanted to get
an adjustable one so I knew the angle wasn't so important for me to get perfectly right which gave
me a little bit of flexibility but I definitely had to really decide on this long wall and really
just centered it sort of like mid between these two windows so just a little bit of measuring
wasn't too complicated. The fact that I had the adjustable light made it so that it wasn't like
extremely necessary for me to hit the exact angle. So anyway we actually I tapped into an
existing wire that's used for another light and controlled by the same switch so
this just made the project a lot easier rather than having to you know basically drop wire and
sort of reinvent the wheel. We already just we kind of just went up to the attic and tapped into
an existing wire so made it easier from that from that electrical standpoint and then connecting
the wires to the light housing and attaching the housing to the ceiling joists and then you know
that was fairly easy.
We've done that before had a little help from my husband. We adjusted it to be kind of in the spot
that the hole was made once we were up there in the attic with a great big attic and then I went
down back down to this room and I mounted the spotlight and the circular plate and didn't really
do such a great job but still I see if you can tell from the video it's not exactly a hundred
percent flush. There's a little bit like a millimeter gap but
I just wanted to cover those jagged edges that covered you know when I was cutting the the drywall
with the saw. It was very jagged so I was able to cover that and just sort of yeah adjust it to be
in that spot where the hole was and coming back in here and putting that that cover on and taking
out the the light bulb and sort of just kind of playing around with warm and soft lights and that
was also part of the process too.
So yeah once everything was secure you know we we mounted it and and turned the power back on and
tested it and just adjusted the beam a couple times to highlight the artwork without you know
casting shadows and stuff so but I think overall the the project was made pretty
easy because we were able to tap into that existing lighting and use that switch.

=== FarahN_Activity8PainPoints_2025-07-02_083153_1 ===
So my main frustration that I mentioned in some of the text was that I really can't, it's so dark up there in the attic.
I wish I could take you to show you, but it's just so dark and I don't have the proper tools right now to bring my phone up there without falling through the attic.
So, but what it is, is basically the insulation made it such a mess and so hard because it sort of is that barrier.
We had to like use a ruler to like find the hole once we were up there.
So yeah, I mean, definitely locating the exact spot from the attic, that insulation makes it like really difficult to find the hole that you cut out.
Like even with the flashlight, like it's just, it's just so dark up there.
And it's, it's small up there too.
Like the crawl space makes it hard.
That's definitely was a frustration.
I think that like, yeah, that was just annoying.
Cutting the drywall like a little too big.
I really should have had like.
A proper mold.
I should have like gotten cardboard and made a template and I didn't.
I used a ruler, but I was like a little bit off.
You could kind of tell it's like a tiny bit.
If you could see me, if I turn this off, but yeah, I can't zoom.
Oh, let me see.
Yeah, I can kind of see like there's a little bit of a gap.
So just like being, that was a little lazy on my part, cutting that open with the drywall.
And drywall is not so easy to cut either.
That's probably.
I probably did not have a great saw.
I used a little drywall saw, which did not have a sharp blade because it needs to be sharpened.
So that was definitely a little bit.
My, my fault should have had a sharper drywall saw.
So, yeah, I mean, that's kind of the, you know, the most frustrating things that I can remember, you know, would have been way more frustrating.
Have we not been able to tap into an existing wire, but I guess that just would have meant that, you know,
there's a, there's an outlet behind this couch.
You just would have ran the wire up through the, the wall.
But yeah, those are some frustrations.

=== FarahN_Activity8_PainPoints ===
So my main frustration that I mentioned in some of the text was that I really
can't it's so dark up there in the attic I wish I could take you to show you but
it's just so dark and I don't have the proper tools right now to bring my phone
up there without falling through the attic so but what it is is basically the
insulation made it such a mess and so hard because it sort of is that barrier
we had to like use a ruler to like find the hole once we were up there so yeah I
mean definitely locating the exact spot from the attic that insulation makes it
like really difficult to find the hole that you cut out like even with the
flashlight like it's just it's just so dark up there and it's it's small up
there too like the crawl space makes it hard that's definitely was a frustration
I think that like yeah that was just annoying
um
I'm cutting the drywall like a little too big I really should have had like a
proper mold I should have like gotten cardboard and made a template and I
didn't I used a ruler but I was like a little bit off you could kind of tell
it's like a tiny bit if you could see if I turn this off but yeah I can't zoom
oh let me see yeah I can kind of see like there's a little bit of a gap so
just like being that was a little bit of a gap but it was a little bit of a gap
I was a little lazy on my part cutting that open with the drywall and drywall is
not so easy to cut either that's probably I probably did not have a great
saw I used a little drywall saw um which did not have a sharp blade because
it needs to be sharpened so that was definitely a little bit
um my my fault should have had a sharper drywall saw um so yeah I mean that's kind
of the you know the most frustrating things that I can remember um you know would have
been way more
frustrating have we not been able to tap into an existing wire but um i guess that just would
have meant that yeah there's a there's an outlet behind this couch you just would have ran the wire
up through the the wall um but yeah those are some frustrations

=== FarahN_Activity9FutureImprovements_2025-07-02_083559_1 ===
So I would probably say, you know, doing it all over again definitely would have made
sure that my saw, my drywall saw was sharper and would have maybe cut a template out for
the hole.
I measured, you know, the circumference and I kind of eyeballed it and every millimeter
really does count when you're talking about, you know, putting the wall plate on and, you
know, gravity's not really your friend with these kinds of things.
So I wish I didn't get lazy at that point.
Um, there's really nothing I could have done without, you know, um, you know, bigger crawl
space, a bigger attic space would have been helpful.
Definitely feel like next time I would have maybe gotten a spotlight to shine from below
so I could find the hole easier.
Um, going up and down into the attic and trying to find that hole was challenging, um, because
of that insulation, as I mentioned before.
Um, I would probably, yeah, just say that, you know, maybe using those better tools,
um, and, you know, I'm happy with the spotlight, I guess, I guess I, I probably maybe would
consider, um, a double, a double spotlight or maybe some kind of track lighting.
Um, I don't regret it because I do like the simplicity of it, but I do have some track
lighting in my house that I think that I really do need light in this room.
So I focus so much on this artwork that it really, there's some shadows that I wish that
I maybe.
Maybe had, um, had picked out a better light.
Um, I don't have a dimmer on this.
I also wish I did a dimmer.
I guess I could install it now, but, um, that might be something that I would have
started with.
I'm kind of over this project, so I've moved on to other things, but I guess if I could
do it all over again, I would have definitely gotten, um, dimmable bulbs and a dimmer switch
and then, um, I guess try to.
Maybe have it a little more flexible, so, um, so yeah, some things I can control some
things I can't.
Um, but all in all, you know, it went, went fairly easy.

=== FarahN_Q1_2025-06-20_064419_1 ===
Hi there. This is the spotlight that I installed to showcase this beautiful piece of art that is a
new addition to my bedroom. And yeah, I basically decided to kind of illuminate this art. There's
not a lot of light other than lamps in this room. And I just absolutely love the way that this whole
section of the room is illuminated, not only the artwork. I just got this simple spotlight off of
Home Depot's website. And I felt like, you know, I didn't want to hire anybody. Every time you get
somebody to come into your house, it's a thousand dollars. So,
it was something that was easily able to run. The hard wiring, there's a couple of outlets right
below it. And we have a nice big attic upstairs. So, I was able to do everything myself. And the
ceilings are not that high in here. So, being on a ladder, it wasn't like in our living room where
we would have had to, you know, 25 feet. So, yeah. So, installers are great. But for simple
things like this, there's tons of YouTube videos.
Tons of help that I was able to look up online. No need to hire an expensive installer. And I'm
just so happy with it. I think it's super awesome. I just now need to install a dimmer
because it is kind of bright. So, that's my next step is to do something that will dim. So, I'll
have full control over all of the lighting in the room.

