=== FrederickK_Activity1-Introductions_2025-07-03_040934_1 ===
So I live in a single-family home in the suburbs with my wife and my two children, two boys, 17 and 14, and we're in our late 40s.

=== FrederickK_Activity2YourStyleandPhilosophy_2025-07-03_041309_1 ===
So I've always liked modern, lean modern.
Now, obviously not, or not obviously, but not extreme modern.
It's just not, you know, suburbs aren't the place where you can pull that off.
But I married my wife a few years ago, and I guess she was not as into modern, so it's been a blend.
But we made a joke in this last remodeling project.
She was really making fun of me, but kind of like, if it's not modern, we don't want it.
But, you know, that's not really the end result.
Although we've got a lot of kind of like mid-century modern touches, not a lot, maybe some.
So I'd say that's kind of how we've been leaning lately.
I mean, we get a lot of inspiration off Instagram.
When I was younger, it was things like Elle Decor magazine or whatever I could find.
I mean, really, I'm not tied into anything.
I don't know if there's so much a philosophy other than I am trying a little bit more
to find something that I can use.
I'm trying to make the house a little more cohesive, keeping not humongous differences between the rooms,
although there is differences.
You know, the colors are going together pretty well.
I don't know.
It looks a lot better now because a lot more rooms have been done at the same time.
And also, you know, we're older, so we have some more money, which, you know, really it's kind of like the limiting factor.
You can only do so much if you don't have the money to do it.
So, yeah, I don't know.
I don't know if I have a philosophy so much as it just it all looks good.
I mean, color is usually the biggest part to me.
Like the colors have to go and the colors need to work.
I guess the other thing is I've kind of thought like if you have a good piece, you know, good pieces last and you can kind of put them together and you don't have to be so matchy matching.
You don't have to be all of the same design or style or even of the time period.
So, you know, we redid the kitchen, but I had what I thought was a pretty good light fixture from years before and we kept it and, you know, I imagine we'll continue to do so.

=== FrederickK_Activity3ProjectMotivation_2025-07-03_041631_1 ===
So, you know, my wife more so than me are usually looking at the Instagram and whatnot and picking up ideas.
I think she saw this idea there for the light.
You know, if you go into a museum, there's always something, right?
The pieces are framed or they're in a setting or they're against a colored wall, like a little more finished.
You can see like this painting.
It was a cool painting.
It was an original.
For me, it was expensive.
But it's just the canvas, right?
There's no frame.
So when you look at the wall, like even though it's a big piece on the wall, it's kind of plain.
You could, you know, use a little more something.
So the light does that.
You also get to pull in a little bit more golden brass.
Like this is the kitchen.
It's attached to.
You can see these lights are silver, but we've got some gold handles and polished nickel finishes anyway.
So it's a way to mix that in a little bit more.
But I don't know.
It looks great.
It makes it look more finished, makes it look nicer.
You know, what expensive.
And then, you know, you turn on the light.
It helps.
It doesn't do a huge deal.
And this one is rechargeable.
So the light.
It's not on all the time.
Maybe not as much as we would like.
It feels good.
It feels more finished.
I mean, it's just kind of great to make more parts of your house look more complete, not look so bachelor pad or like you don't know what you're doing.
It feels put together.

=== FrederickK_Activity4SourcesofInspiration_2025-07-03_041850_1 ===
So the bulk of our ideas, at least for my wife, are coming from Instagram, and that comes from there a lot, somewhat for me. When I get serious about something, I end up going on, also go on House, and I also go on Pinterest.
I like to find a picture of something I like, and then put it into the search and find similar ideas, try and replicate it, try and find something that I can buy, that looks good, that I can also afford. I can't just buy whatever is in the picture.
So for me, it really is, it's a lot of having seen it somewhere, so I need to see pictures.
And then, that looks good, I'd like to do it.
Every once in a while, I kind of come up with my own thing, but I really need to see it.
I usually need to see examples, and a lot of times when my wife discusses things that she's seen, it's like, well, we can keep talking, or you can show me the picture.
If you show me the picture, we'll get it figured out.
So, Instagram, House, Pinterest.

=== FrederickK_Activity5LightingChoices_2025-07-03_042134_1 ===
so you know a big choice was color really i mean silver or gold well i guess black was a choice too
um we went with gold i know gold might be in and out but i like kind of the gold accents
now it matches in in the rest of the room um you know we didn't do a hard wire just because
you'd have to pay to install it and there's a there's an outlet down low but you know
no need to change that uh it'd be nice it'd be cool be more finished but i also like the idea of
we could change it out right so if we want to put a silver one up we can just go get a silver one
and if we want to put a black one up we can get a black one and that way it's not a huge investment
but you can still stay with you know your look that you want stay with the times right um and
and pick the colors you need uh you know charging is
you know it's it's it's it's it's it's it's it's it's it's it's it's it's it's it's it's it's
it's not so hot but it still looks good even if it's not on so you know kind of turn it on
when we know we're going to be in the area for a while and or if there are people coming over
um and you know it's priced really well so you know kind of made it a no-brainer uh you know
give it a shot and if you don't like it then you know you're not out a lot of money

=== FrederickK_Activity6Step-by-StepWalkthrough_2025-07-03_042414_1 ===
So the install, not hugely difficult.
I mean, the hardest part is just the measurements.
But, you know, we used a level to get it straight, rather inexpensive.
We measured where the midpoint would be.
Then we also took into consideration this outlet.
And so then really, I think it became like, well, we kind of need to center it over the outlet.
But we had already kind of done that with the painting.
So then it was like, well, it really needs to be in the center of the painting.
And then this, you know, since it's not hardwired, it was just a matter of putting some screws in the wall that it hangs on.
So we did experiment a little, like, with the difference in height.
And that's where we landed.
I think we had a little lower as a consideration, but I liked it up there.
But, yeah, it was just.
After the measurements, the measurements are the hard part.
But since the painting was there, just put it in the middle, make it level, and then mark with a pencil.
And then put the screws in and then hang it up.

=== FrederickK_Activity7ToolsandMaterials_2025-07-03_042614_1 ===
As you can imagine, tools are pretty easy.
A level, although we've had some bad levels, so we've had to invest in a nice level.
And then we used, you know, measuring tape, pencils.
I think we used screws for the hanging, although it could have been nails.
I honestly can't quite remember that.
I think it might just be nails.
But then that thing just hangs on there.
So, you know, we had to measure from the painting and level it out.
But it marks the screws.
And I think we redid it a little bit, like had to make it work.
But yeah, everything's fine once you get a good level.
It just takes a little bit of care.

=== FrederickK_Activity7_ToolsandMaterials ===
As you can imagine, the tools are pretty easy.
A level, although we've had some bad levels, so we've had to invest in a nice level.
And then we used, you know, measuring tape, pencils.
I think we used screws for the hanging, although it could have been nails.
I honestly can't quite remember that.
I think it might just be nails.
But then that thing just hangs on there.
So, you know, we had to measure from the painting and level it out.
But it marks the screws.
And I think we redid it a little bit, like had to make it work.
But yeah, everything's fine once you get a good level.
It just takes a little bit of care.

=== FrederickK_Activity9FutureImprovements_2025-07-03_043026_1 ===
Uh, I can't really think of anything. I mean, maybe you could build in a level into the light
that would, you know, I guess it'd have to be, you have to be pretty insistent on it working
because then you're opening yourself up to people saying the level was correct. And now the,
the bar is crooked. You could put it on the top. I'm just wondering if you'd ever look down on it.
Probably not, but I don't know. I mean, I guess that could be cool and maybe an inexpensive
thing you could add. But other than that, um, I don't know. I don't know any way to really make
the measuring easier. That's not like crazy expensive, but maybe a level in the light.
I don't know. Maybe that would sell.

=== FrederickK_Q1_2025-06-18_065110_1 ===
So this is the picture light installation.
It's in our kitchen, which we recently remodeled.
We used to have a bunch of pictures up here without a light.
And then we moved this painting from another part of the house to here
and then put a picture light over it.
It recharges.
I don't know if you can see.
There's a USB plug there to charge it in.
It has different brightnesses.
This is just the low-level brightness.
So because it's rechargeable, it's not on all the time,
and we have to kind of step up to turn it on.
But plug-in wasn't an option.
Hard wiring would have been expensive.
I don't know.
Maybe I had to tear up the wall.
So we chose to do.
I mean, it looks cool even when it's not on, so that's good.
It makes everything look a little bit more finished.
It was inexpensive, so if it didn't even work, we could return it,
or even if we had to take the hit, it wasn't a big deal.
But I think it's nice.

