=== TiffanyO_Activity9FutureImprovements_2025-07-07_051823_1 ===
um would i do a similar project again definitely yes um what i do differently
um i may just actually use different lighting um i do like to test out and experiment
with different products that offer let's say the same result but just to see how it works
better or differently um so i probably would just use a different accent lighting um do i wish
do i have a wish list of features or tools that can make the processes easier or more enjoyable
for this part um i probably would use a leveler or um a tape measure
um i'm pretty sure it made it a whole lot easier
but because
i was just so in my head and just so focused on doing this most easiest and simple way possible
that it didn't even dawn on me to use a tape measure to measure the width of the picture and
then try to do it that way um i like to do things on my own with as little help as possible because
that's that's like a challenge for me so i was just i'm glad it only took me 15 minutes
between 20 minutes to center the um lighting and not an hour
um what are your must-have options or features that i would include i am definitely a huge fan
of remotes um they make things so much easier i can't understand having two too many remotes
that's more batteries and then more potential to lose them or something around break but when it
comes to something like that um especially since i don't want to touch it after after i've already
said it i'm not going to touch it after i've already said it i'm not going to touch it after i've already said it
just having remote makes things so much easier especially if i can change you know put a timer
on there or you know cut it off and on or change the plug the lighting that's that's that would be
a huge feature that i would always look in my accent lighting um are there features or options
that you wish you could include but are difficult to make happen um no just because this lighting was
it's pretty simple like i said remote um rechargeable
i like the rechargeable just because i'm able to make sure that i can just plug it up while
it's still in one place versus having to take it down remove the batteries add batteries um
because like once it's set i don't want to touch it again especially after i spent
so much time trying to make sure that it's um the lighting's perfect so
the rechargeable um the rechargeable exit landing is something i would prefer um i can get a long usb
cord attach it to the port and then i'll have a wall socket and just charge it that way so
i don't have to worry about buying batteries and removing and everything

=== TiffanyO_Q1_2025-06-19_112125_1 ===
So my picture lights is one of my favorite projects that I did so far. I wanted to highlight the framing of these pictures that I got done about 10 years ago and I just wanted to be creative because I do change my different rooms in my house a lot because my house is full of lots of color.
My living room wall is green. My dining room is red. My front room is brown. So I wanted to highlight the stark contrast of the black paintings that I do have against the green wall with the white border.
And I wanted to highlight them because a lot of people come visit me and everything and they don't really notice it. But I feel like with the lighting, they will take notice.
And
I think there are beautiful art pieces.
The photography is amazing. And I think that with having the lights here, it actually elevates my house. It makes it more like almost like a museum in a way. And I picked these picture lights because number one, they were very easy.
And even though they did come with a bracket, I'm very creative in and out because I do change things all the time.
I use some
cut the light off.
I did use some sticky tape to put on the top of the frame to make sure that the light actually hits the frames instead of being behind it.
And I'm really just like really proud of them. And the reason why I like this so much. It's because it one number one, it comes with a remote control so I can change the lighting and the tone of the
frame.
And also has a timer.
So I like that as well. So I can add different colors. I want to and just play around with it.
I do want to add some more
Pictures and framing some to my wall because I do have a large
Open space up there that I want to add some artwork to and these picture frames were super cheap.
Off Amazon and their USB rechargeable. So whenever I need to recharge them, I can just take them down and charge them and I just love the fact that, again, it comes with a remote control and I can just dim and change the light whenever I want to, so
I didn't do the middle one, just because I want to see how well the other two look first.
Because I don't want to put too much and then I kind of just want to have like a little dark in the middle. So people will have to come and see
What the middle one was. So it's kind of want to be a little mysterious. So again, this is my picture lighting and it's been my favorite and most rewarding one so far. Thanks.

