=== TylrD_Activity1-Introductions_2025-06-30_044104_1 ===
Hello, my name is Tyler and I stay with my sibling. I am 21 years old and I'm currently in college in South Florida. I stay with my sibling here. We stay in a single detached home. Thanks so much.

=== TylrD_Activity2YourStyleandPhilosophy_2025-06-30_044304_1 ===
Hello. So I would describe my style as a little bit more elegant, more sophisticated, but a modern
vibe. Specific goals that when it comes to me decorating my space is I want something to make
it look a little minimalistic, but also a little bit more open spaced, but with a luxury approach.
There aren't really any particular influences or inspirations. However, I do stay in South Florida.
So within that, I do stay near a lot of water. So I do like to when it comes to shaping some
different choices, I like to find different types of pieces to that are like water pieces or pieces
to help bring together that that water look or that beach house look. Thanks so much.

=== TylrD_Activity3ProjectMotivation_2025-06-30_045957_1 ===
Hello, so some details on the Accent Lighting Project. What inspired me to take on this project
is to show that you don't need to invest a lot of money into your home design or your lighting
home design. And some aesthetic goals that I was hoping to achieve within that was to show more of
a luxury, more of a minimalist, and a more sophisticated type of lighting that didn't
require a lot of money. This project made me feel a little bit better in regards to that
because it helps me know that I don't need to invest in a lot of money to give me that vibe
and that outlook that I'm trying to reach when it comes to my space. And some personal goals of
mine, of course, was to keep on that minimalist design and keep on that sophisticated and luxury
design as well when it comes to my home lighting. Thank you.
Subtitles by the Amara.org community

=== TylrD_Activity4SourcesofInspiration_2025-06-30_050252_1 ===
Hello. So when it comes to aspiration for this project, I looked towards my friends for some advice. And I say this because they're big gamers and typically they had LED strips in their gaming rooms.
And I actually decided to put it in my room to just give it a chance to see what it would be like. I'm not that big of a gamer, but I am a gamer. And that was kind of probably the best advice that I could get from my friends when it comes to my home lighting.
They definitely influenced my choices. And within that, I was able to kind of get some more LED lights to install around, like such as my closet and other places in my house as well. Thanks so much.

=== TylrD_Activity5LightingChoices_2025-06-30_050610_1 ===
So I decided to choose the setup that I did based on personal preference.
I decided that with the LED strip lights in my room, I don't just get one color, but I get a variety of different colors.
And I have different type of patterns and different type of lighting choices that I can have.
Other options that I explored was to install actual lights in my room, whether this was home-based lights or interior design lights.
And I didn't decide to go through it the cost-effective way, especially when it really didn't need that.
For me, I decided that my final choice would just be the LED lights so I can still have that same vibe, that same look, and I didn't have to go through that big investment.
The specific design aspects that were appealing to me that I decided with the LED lights was that they had a variety of different colors and that they had different patterns to them.
And they're a strip so they can go across the whole room.
And in regards to, they don't require battery changes or anything like that as such.
So they're battery-operated and they're just a plug-in light, so they were definitely convenient for me.
And based on those different options, that's what really was important to me as well.
So I decided that they had a variety of different looks to them, and I still got that modern vibe to them.

=== TylrD_Activity6Step-by-StepWalkthrough_2025-06-30_051551_1 ===
uh-oh so the installation process starts there right there and then it comes across
and the power outlet is right there and I kind of just swerved it all the way around here
and as far as this side um I have the power outlet starts there and I just charged the outlet amongst
this led light next I would have this led strip this is actually motion detected here so I have
this strip going across here um so that's pretty cool feature I love about that one um overall what
I've actually liked most about this design is it still gives me that modern more luxury aspect of
it as you can tell here and I didn't have to invest much money into it and as you can definitely see
here this is one of my favorite ones here is that it is motion detected and I still get that same
look as a modern and a classic design as well when it comes to my design
thanks thanks so much

=== TylrD_Activity7ToolsandMaterials_2025-06-30_051720_1 ===
So, when it comes to LED strip lights, there are no hardware or tools that are needed.
The lighting is set in place by adhesives that are actually on the back strip of the LED light,
which is definitely time-consuming and more convenient when you don't have those type of tools or hardware.
So, that's pretty much it. There was nothing else that I needed besides the stuff they provided.

=== TylrD_Activity8PainPoints_2025-06-30_052938_1 ===
Hello. So some difficulties that I encountered that made me very frustrated.
As you can see here that actually the strip actually stopped.
I really, really, really was upset because I did measure my room and they it was supposed to be enough for it to cover the whole all the way around.
But it actually stops there, which I'm very frustrated about.
Another frustration that I'm frustrated about is actually you can see here that the lighting in here actually is on the same cord as the lighting up there.
So actually it's on one of these that was very frustrating for me.
I actually had to get an extension cord for me to do that.
However, it definitely did come into play when I was able to kind of be able to double do that.
So I ended up.
Making an extension cord to hang down so I can have both of those stay on another encounter that I had to do was when it came to over here.
You might not be able to see.
Let's see if I can do like this.
This actually is on a cord to the LED strip light, which I actually had to manually go back there and try to do.
This actually did run out of spots.
So I actually had to take something out.
So for me, it comes to power surges and was a very big factor when it comes to frustration.
Was trying to find.
Enough power surges to actually be able to connect this one, that one, and there's actually another strip here that I didn't get to show, but there is another strip here that actually still it's working only half of it, but I actually have to take that strip there and connect it to this strip here, which all that does turn on, but those lights kind of are dimming out, so I will have to be getting those replaced.
However, again, the battery parts for those.
They have to connect on one.
So that was very hard for me to how to run another extension through that.
And that's pretty much it.
So I would say the power surges are a big factor as well as this and not being able to connect was a big frustration for me as well.

=== TylrD_Activity8_PainPoints ===
hello so some difficulties that i encountered that made me very frustrated as you can see here that
actually the strip actually stopped um i really really really was upset because um i did measure
my room and they it was supposed to be enough for it to cover the whole all the way around
but it actually stops there which i'm very frustrated about um another frustration that
i'm frustrated about is actually you can see here that the lighting in here actually is on the same
cord as the lighting up there so actually it's on one of these that was very frustrating for me
i actually had to get an extension cord for me to do that um however it definitely did come into
play when i was able to kind of be able to double do that so i ended up making an extension cord to
hang down so that's that's pretty awesome
so i can have both of those stay on another encounter that i had to do was when it came to
over here you might not be able to see let's see if i can do like this um this actually is on a
cord to the led strip light which i actually had to manually go back there and try to do
this actually did run out of spots so i actually had to take something out so for me it comes to
power surges and um was a very big factor when it comes to frustration was trying to find
enough power surges to actually be able to connect this one that one and there's actually
another strip here um that i didn't get to show but there is another strip here um that actually
still it's working only half of it but i was actually have to take that strip there and
connect it to this strip here which all that does turn on um but those lights kind of are
dimming out so i will have to be getting those replaced however again the battery parts for those
um they have to connect on one so that was very hard for me to how to run another extension
through that um and that's pretty much it so i would say the power surges are a big factor
as well as um this and not being able to connect was a big frustration for me as well

=== TylrD_Activity9FutureImprovements_2025-06-30_055741_1 ===
If I was to do a similar project again, what I would do differently would be making sure that the LED strip lights covered the whole room that I have there.
Some tools that I think could make the process more easier, more enjoyable, would be making sure that I have adhesive strips, not actually on the back of the LED lights, but on the walls where I place them, so the paint won't come off the actual wall.
And I believe that should be a must-have option as well.
Some features that I could include, that I wish to include but are difficult to make happen, is I wish that there were batteries that are on the LED strip light themselves, and not like a plug-in type of sensor, but just batteries that are in the LED light.
So where I place the strip, I don't have to replace the batteries or anything of the such, so the lights won't dimmer.
And as well as the lights would be last through long.
Thanks so much.

=== TylrD_Q1_2025-06-20_075938_1 ===
Hello, so this is a current layout design of my room as far as the LED light strips.
As you can see, it's very intriquisite.
I love this layout design because it looks more special as far as like the LED installations
and the lights in the room.
Also, if you were to walk over here, these are actually LED strip lights too.
I find that these are more cost-effective instead of actually having these built in.
As you can see during the bed frame, instead of having the headboard come with the LED
lights, I actually decided to add on the LED light strips.
And I find that the cost-effectiveness of this is way cheaper and I do still get the
same results.
So I have it all across the TV.
I have some different LED light strips in the closet and around the room.
I do like this layout, I would say, because, you know, it's definitely a different look
aesthetically wise and also as far as just the lighting of the home design overall, it
definitely improves the appearance.
Thanks so much.

