 Hi, it's Neil. Welcome to my office and today I have a four pack of hooks for my garage. So in the new house I have a huge ladder and I don't want it sitting on the floor anymore. It's time to hang it onto the wall and so what better way to hang it on the wall than hooks. So I bought these found these on Amazon and they were cheap and let's see how they look. So opening up the box here, nothing else in it, just like this. So let's see what we got here. I'm going to zip lock. And it's hard to get it out of here because it's very, very rubber-coated and you can have these things. I'll show you all this stuff here in a second. Okay, so these are the hooks that came with four of them. See, they're nice and long ones so I can put them out and hook it over it. And so it comes with, so this is the hook and you see it's got rubber over the metal. So this is the metal part here and then it's got rubber all the way from here, all the way there. So if you put something on it, it's going to be rubber all the way there. It's pretty, it's a little sticky, I think just because it's brand new, it'll probably hurt. I'm sorry, it's pretty hard but it'll probably won't be so sticky over time. So that'll hook on the wall. Definitely want to put these into studs or if you want them in studs, I guess that's what it comes with all these things for. So you have two different sets of screws. So this one here has the leaves types of, let me get like, I'll show you. So it's this type of hook like this that goes into the wall and then you screw the screw into that. See, so there's that kind and then there's this other kind. I can't say I'm an expert on any of these things so I'm going to probably look at the instruction to figure out what the difference is between these two. And then this one here is one, it doesn't seem like it's going to grip quite the same. So it goes into the sheet rod like that and you screw it in that way. So for curiousness, let's just see if it even explains the difference between those in the instruction manual. So that's what the top front of the instruction manual looks like and that's what the inside of us like if you wanted to try to pause it and zoom in or something. Let me see if I could figure it out here. So these, this is called an easy anchor and easy anchor and these are called plastic anchors. So how do you know which one to use? So let's see. Tap the one third inch easy anchor into drywall, screw the easy anchor into the wall. And take the hook and lighting it up to there. Okay, so this anchor is for like the gypsum wall. So for just a regular sheet rock kind of wall and these are what you want to use when you're going into like a brick wall. So that's going to be the difference into brick or kind of like a wooden wall or something like that. So these ones here because they're, these ones here have such a bigger grip on them. You can kind of see. So this, I've never knew that before. So these ones here what you want to use for a drywall and this is what you'll use for concrete because it really won't expand too much but enough to just grip it in there once you've drilled it out. So this way, you know, so if you pre-drill it. So that's what those are for. So now I am an expert in this. It was worth it to buy these things just to find the difference between these two different types of wall anchors for me. So if you don't know the different types of wall anchors, you do now too. Thanks for learning with me. I'm hanging with Meal Day today. So see, so let's see what it says. It's just called Utility Garage Hubs. I think it's just what it's called and it comes with four of them. So you can see one, two, three, four. So I can actually hang two ladders if I want to. Or if I really wanted to hang them up and down or something like that, I can hang four ladders or something like that. It would be too tall. But I'm hanging on my pie. But you can hang that. You can hang a bike on this. These are heavy duty. I can't hang, put a bike. I can hang some bikes, get hang ladders. You can hang anything pretty much with them. So it's nice to really get things out of the way in the garage. I like to get things out of the way. I don't like everything sitting on the floor. I like to be able to hose down my garage and clean it up and stuff. So for that reason, I am giving this a thumbs up. I'm going to put a link to this one in the description. Be sure to subscribe to my channel and like this video that always say because I have to subscribe if you want to keep seeing all my videos. And of course you do because I am awesome. So subscribe to my channel. Like this video because I want to know that you're out there and if you like it, you like it. If you don't like it, you can always thumbs down it. But I'll be really mad at you if you do. But I don't know because it's pretty anonymous. But that's it. Comes in a nice little box and zip up a bag. I'll hold it. I'll put it back in the zip lock to the back. I'm taking this down the floor with me when I go this weekend. And I'm going to put it in the garage there. But thanks for watching everybody. And I'll see you guys next time. Be some more reviews. Take care. Bye.