 Hello again, this is Robert Vich here. This is my really review of the Titanium E-brand. They're garage sturdy storage rack with adjustable hooks. It'll hold up the 300 pounds with a whole system and has three rows you can see and six hooks back there. Next, those drywall anchors and stud screws. Let me show you close up of those. This product gets perfect five-star ratings and it's probably made to use company in small business. The overall width is 48 inches. The overall, they stick out by 8.5 inches and about 4 inches high. Comes with a little instruction manual that I'll show you how to connect everything up, but it's really simple to do. Now you have a choice. These rails are really nice. They're really thick metal. It owns the profile that has this piece right here that is looped downward and then the piece on the bottom right there. What it's doing, it's locking in place with these hooks. The hook has a little sliding area. You can take this and you put it on the top and you just push and then it locks in place. You have the nice hook there. You can tell these are really, really heavy duty. You see there's three holes and three holes. They give you mounting hardware for the outer holes on each one. You don't typically have to worry about the center hole. When you're installing this, you have a choice. You have the included screws. If you want to go directly into a stud, that's what they recommend. If you find studs on these 16 inch centers right here, these outer screw holes, you would hold the best weight. If you don't have studs, they have included these really nice anchors. These are really high quality. If you ever use before, they're great. You just use the Phillips head screw hook on. They go in, they lock into the drywall and then this goes into the hole right there and locks in place. These really are solid. I've used these for many years. They'll hold 50 pounds each. They're amazing. They do give the option of either one of those. We're going to be giving these a try. I'm going to be installing them in my garage and I'm going to let you see what it looks like after they're installed. There it is installed in my garage. It's easy, it's using a level and a screw gun. Everything worked. There's plywood behind this wall because I met the, we're about hitting studs, but hitting the studs would be no problem either. So, what do I think about the Tiger Me brand, the Garage Sturdy Storage Rack. Very, very nice product, easy to use and works well. Again, you can move those anywhere you want to space them properly for whatever tools you have. So, I'm going to give this product a full 5 star rating. I hope this video review helped you with your buying decision. Thank you for watching.