 Really cool video here today. We're gonna check out these 3M command strip hooks. I'm gonna quickly show you how to install them on the wall over here. Then we're gonna test out this half pound holding capability. We're gonna put these things right to the limit. We'll figure out how much weight it takes to rip them clean off the wall. Then we're also gonna have a quick look at whether or not it makes a difference if you use rubbing alcohol to clean off the wall before you install them as per the instructions on the back. And then finally about six months ago I installed some of these upstairs. So we're gonna pull a couple off the wall and see if the damage free removes cleanly claim on the package is a lie or whether or not these little hooks are everything that they claim to be. So the installation is not that complicated. I've got a little setup here of where I want to put the three hooks. Putting them on the wall to hang our masks. Hopefully we'll be taking them off one day, but you never know. So the steps are it takes them rubbing alcohol. And then you just want to clean off the spot. Spot three you're gonna be sticking the adhesive tape. So just wipe them off. And then the process is pretty simple. The little sticky pads have two sides. It is labeled on here that the black side goes to the wall. That's nice. So the red side sticks onto the hook. Make sure it's good and tight on there and then you just take the black side off. Comes off pretty nicely. We'll stick that one right in the middle here. And then you're just supposed to hold that for 30 seconds. Press that in for 30 seconds. Now just lock it to the wall and then you're not supposed to hang anything off here for one hour. So the three hooks are on. That took all of about two minutes. I'm gonna let those set up. I'll put three more hooks on a little bit lower that we'll use for the testing in case the weights fall off and smash the floor. So it's been an hour. These lower hooks are all set up. We've got our trusty fall pillow and our weights ready to go. So we're gonna test this first one out here as kind of a deadlift situation. Just see how much weight it takes for this to rip off the wall. We'll start off with a two and a half pound weight. This is five times the recommended package weight. So this will be interesting to see if I can even hold this. It's looking pretty good at two and a half pounds. Let's try a five pound weight. Let's be interesting. It's holding. Put the two and a half back on there. So that's that's seven and a half pounds. Not feeling great about that. It's hanging on though. So we're doing it. We're going to 25 pounder. This is heavy. There's no way. Want to get a little bit out of it. I don't want this to fall in my toe. Okay. This would be a miracle. Oh my god. I can't believe it. It's going to pull off though. There we go. Yeah, it could not hold the 25 pound kettlebell. It was holding on there for a while though. So to test out whether or not we need to rub the wall down with alcohol before we install these. We'll hang seven and a half pounds on each of these hooks. This one has no alcohol rub. This one does. We'll let them sit for a bit. We'll head on upstairs and we'll see if we can pull that one off that I installed six months ago and see if it damages the wall. So we're upstairs. This hooks been on the wall for at least six months, maybe longer. It's just a plastic version of the one that I put downstairs. Here's the little tab. So in order to remove these, the instructions say to hold on to the plastic hook and then pull straight down and you want to stretch it out to about six inches slowly. So... Hot damn. That worked pretty well. There was a little nail hole in there before I had a little pin in there. But yeah, that wall is not damaged whatsoever. That's actually pretty amazing. Let's go check on those hooks downstairs to see if there was any difference between the two installation methods. So it's been about 10 minutes and there's no signs of either of these two hooks budging. So I'd say if your walls are terribly dirty, the rubbing alcohol, you probably don't need it. It's not going to hurt anything but if you don't have it, I wouldn't worry about it too much. Hey, if you want to see the shocking truth about name bad batteries, check out this video right over here. It's a pretty cool video. I was pretty surprised by the results I would never have expected what ended up happening in that video. Sounded pretty hard. I hope to check it out. We'll see you over there. Thanks for watching. Yeah, I'm super impressed with these little hooks. They pull off the wall nice and clean.