 So I needed some more hooks in my garage and I am very impressed with the specs that I read on the listing of Amazon. This is the Lennui 12-pack garage storage hook. I hope I pronounced that name correctly. Let's go ahead and open the box here. Okay, got a manual here. According to the manual we have two large square hooks. You can put multiple tools on this because of the length of this. A medium square were lighter tools and then a small square you get two of each and then we have large j-hooks. This is good for ladders and bikes and whatever you need to hang on that. Medium, two medium and two large and you get a bunch of hardware. You get metal washers, you get 12 of those, you get 24 black plastic anchors. Those are really nice big anchors that go into drywall. You get the white plastic anchors. This is for cement or concrete and then of course you get the screws. You get plenty of screws and you get some insulation steps. They tell you how to do all that. I'm going to go ahead and demonstrate that for us today. I'll first start on drywall. But here, let's look at the hardware for now. So in the hardware we have exactly 12 metal washers. 24 black plastic anchors for drywall. We have 24 white plastic anchors for concrete and then we have 24 metal screws. For the smaller hooks we have the small square and we get two of these and for the smaller hooks we get a small j-hook and we get two of these as well. Everything appears to be solid. The larger of the previous that we showed you, you get two medium j hooks and you get two medium square hooks and just to show you some contrast here. Just a slight difference in size would definitely for different purposes on your wall and the largest j-hook and the largest square hook are shown here. Very strong, very sturdy and just to give you a little contrast this is the small hook. This is the medium hook. Small square hook and the medium square hook. Now I'm going to demonstrate how to attach these to the wall for their various purposes. So on this portion of my wall there doesn't happen to be any two by fours in this area but I do need to utilize this space to hang up you know whatever I need. I'm thinking of my ladder and maybe some tools you know a broom or something to pick the spot where I want to place the tool on my wall which is about right here and what I want to do is mark the larger holes because that is where the screws are going to go in for the anchors. Just going to mark that right there. I'm going to take a screwdriver and get me just a little bump on there. There you go. I'm going to go ahead and take a drill and put the first anchor in. So my flush to the wall. And the second anchor. Now we get our hook and we get our washer. Let's start the first screw here and the second screw. Get our drill. And that is impressive. I mean that's not going anywhere and this is sheet rock. You've got a nice hook to hang pretty much whatever you want to hang there. I deal you probably would not want to hang a rubber mallet on the wall but I have something else for you. It will definitely hold a nice heavy drill and the obvious broom. So what I'm going to do now is remove this square hook. And in its place I'm going to install the very large round hook. All right. Now I'm going to grab my very large ladder. This is a very large 25 pound, 375 load bearing ladder made of aluminum. And just like that it works. Something else that I wanted to point out that you've got for mid-stripe when it comes to load bearing weight. From the small hooks to the large hooks I think the minimum is like 25 pounds so that is why it had no problem holding my large aluminum ladder but a very impressive load bearing weight on these hooks. In regards to the hooks themselves the quality and the craftsmanship is very nice. The welding is excellent. I don't see any sloppy welding or anything like that and it's solid. They each have a plastic coating on the hook to prevent any marring of your tools or whatever you're placing on them. Just studying about the company they have your 100% satisfaction in mind and they are committed to making quality tools. I'm very impressed with these. I highly recommend them. I definitely will give them a thumbs up. I will put a link in the description so that you can get some yourself for the price. You can't go wrong. You get plenty of hooks. You get plenty of hardware. They have thought of everything including their satisfaction warranty. So I definitely recommend these hooks. Get yourself some today.