 Magnets make everyday tasks easier, safer, and more convenient. This magnet in your home video shows the mini-helpful master magnetics products that will improve your garage. Magnets can hold, hang, mount, and lift almost anything. Store tools neatly and keep them with an easy reach in any situation. Sweep up hazardous metal debris before it gets stuck in your tires. Bring anything from rags to a mechanical scraper and more. Our magnets and magnetic devices will impress you. Magnets are the best tool holders. The award-winning magnetic tool mat securely holds your tools in small parts right where you're working. Because it is magnetic on both sides, it will attract you or hang from any flat or curved ferrous metal surface, a mobile tool rack where you need it. Our magnetic part trays keep all the parts contained, never lose another nut or bolt again. Magnetic belt clips hold small hardware on your belt or pocket when you need your hands free. An extra hang when you need it most. Our four-in-one magnetic holding arm holds a flashlight, tool, or manual, and more whenever you need it. Organize your workspace with magnetic tool bars and see all of your tools at once. It provides easy access tools held up out of the way. The magnetic impact wrench and heat gun holder and the magnetic spray gun holder are very strong magnetic assemblies which hold more than just wrenches and heat and spray guns. Use these versatile magnets to hold heavier objects too. Magnets are the best way to reach a ferrous metal object on the ground or in a tricky location. Your hazardous metal debris from your shop, road, or drive are extensive line of magnetic sweepers. From 12 to 96 inches, we have the right sweeper for you. Magnetic retrieving batons keep your hands safe as you pick up metal shavings and fragments with floors, workpinses, tools, liquids, and more. Retrieve tools, screws, nails, and other metal items from a difficult place with a pickup pal. Reach around the corner, end of the engine, or down the drain to recover a drop nut or bolt, or extendable, bendable, easy to use pickup tools. Rescue drop items are go magnet fishing with more of our many hanging retrieving magnets. These specialty magnets are perfect in the garage. Organize your space with our helpful magnetic hooks, clips, and clamps. These magnets are powerful. Our strongest hook holds up to 175 pounds when utilized correctly. The magnetic cup caddy is a convenient drink holder which prevents spills in the workshop. The magnetic candy holder holds paper towels, boxes of gloves, tissues, and other lightweight items. For the more industrial garage, we have heavy lifting and welding magnets. These are heavy duty neodymium lifting magnets to lift still plates and other heavy ferrous metal items, move metal safely and conveniently. Our welding magnets are the metal in place so you weld perfect angles every time. Get a grip with handle magnets. Buy online now at magnetsource.com. Our convenient website makes purchasing easy. While you are there, check out the other fantastic products for your home, shop, and office.