 I just pulled up to the customer's house and this customer happens to be a subscriber. So today should be very interesting. The project is installing these four foot by eight foot hanging garage storage racks. They have some garage storage needs to say the least. Hopefully things go smoothly. I really don't know how long it's going to take to install these. I'm guessing four hours. Hopefully I'll come in around two hours. So that's the background subscriber garage storage system. That's what we'll call it. You'll get to see how it goes together. There'll be a link in the description for these garage storage lofts, racks. Not sure what you would want to call them. So I've never filmed in front of anybody. He is fully okay with being on camera and being on YouTube. I'm not sure how it's going to go. So we'll see. So uh four news and we want it close to this side as possible. Check this out. He's a magnet in that pocket. Check this out. Check this out. Check this out. Check this out. Check this out. Check this out. Check this out. Check this out. That was a fun, easy project. The product worked great. As you can see at the end there, it was climbing around on top of it. It says it has a 600 pound rating per 4x8 section. I probably put my own little safety factor on that and that pushed the limits. I think anybody could really do this on their own. It obviously does help to have someone with you putting it together. Yeah, I got to put up those four foot sections. But the way it's designed, it could be done with just one person. A link for these storage racks are in the description. They have some attachments. You saw at the end there, I put the hooks on and we put some kayak paddles up in there. As far as working for a subscriber, it wasn't really work. It was more like I went up and helped them because it was really easy. And just the conversation made the time go by and next thing you know, it was up. The total install time was three and a half hours. I think we started at seven and finished at 10.30 pm. Got a lot of projects in the works. A lot of them have already been filmed. Right now it's just a matter of time to edit them. Finding time to edit them is really the big problem. I'll give you a quick preview of what I'm going to spend the rest of the day afternoon on. I've got my table saw set up to cut these dados for this oak door. And these are the panels in here. It's going to be a three panel shaker door. And it's a solid core, red oak. And yeah, that's what I'm working on the rest of the day. I couldn't order a custom one because these are actually made in China. In China. It started out as 23 and 1316s. But I needed it 20 and a quarter to fit this door opening that I'm working on. Did it have any questions about the channel? How it went there working with the subscriber? Let me know. He may make another appearance in the future on another project at his house. That's all. Goodbye.