 Hey, I'm Michael Carbonaro coming to you today from the set of our latest shoot for the Carbonaro Effect. Now, in a little while, I'm gonna show you a sneak peek of a brand new scene from the upcoming season. But first, I thought we'd count down the very best reactions we've ever had on the show. In an episode we are calling, and there was a big meeting about this, the top five freakouts. At number five, we have Lane. Go ahead and open up. He thought he was just coming in to get his teeth checked, but quickly got himself involved in an international incident. Strange, I've actually never seen. Oh. I got it. What is this? What the heck is that? I have no idea. Did you feel that in there? Uh-uh. This is the wire I was talking about. Was pulling... Oh, I said blinking. Well, this is an oral tracker. Yeah, they're meant to be hidden, you know, deep down inside. Sometimes it's used as like... What is it for, though? Well, they can store things inside of it, like information or plans or something like that, or like government stuff if you sit, but they've done that for a really long time. The other one is that people in recent years, but you say this is when you're 12, they use it kind of as a tracking device. Is anyone in your family like having any ties to like a... Be I or anything like that? Uh-huh. I've never been in the military, anything like that. I've never done anything with that. Yeah, if you have like something to see really closely, you could... There's a little serial number at the bottom here, right on the line there. I'm going to touch that light and you can go ahead. Whoops. No shoot. Okay, that I've never seen before. Oh, okay. Oh, that's really strange. Yeah, that's weird. Hold on. Let me just stop that again. I'm just nervous that it's beeping. Can I get it away from us? Yeah, probably this way. Okay. What the hell was that? Okay. Are you telling me the truth? I'm dead serious. I have no idea what the hell that was. Like I'm breaking out right now. No, if you know something, I'd appreciate it if you would tell me. I'm being dead serious. I'm honest. Okay, I'm honest with you. I'm not going to lie about something like that. Okay, yeah, I'll show you here. And what do they call? Uh, here. It's called a bite-implemented oral tracking device. And what happens is that you bite and it would wedge in between your teeth. That's really weird. Yeah, this would be your first, you know, non-track days since you were 12, really. Yeah, that's really weird. Yeah. I do need to make a quick little report to my superior about this. Nothing to be concerned about. I will be back. And not a problem, I will be right back, okay? Okay.