 Finding overhead garage storage that is both functional and aesthetically pleasing can be a daunting task. We will show you some of the most popular models on the market today to help you find the correct solution for your needs. Number 1. Most Popular EZ garage storage overhead garage storage rack. The overhead garage storage rack by EZ storage provides an innovative solution completely unique compared to other options on this list. It's the best way to store toads and bins on the garage ceiling. You will be able to install the rails yourself which can then be used to slide in overhead tote bins. While the tote bins are sold separately, the system is designed to support a massive range of different style tote bins available on the market. A key benefit of this system is that you don't need to worry about struggling to access items once they are stored. Number 2. Newage products 40151 vs RAC adjustable garage overhead rack. Something to be aware of about the new 8 products 40151 ceiling mount is that it can hold a higher level of weight than the previous option. You can easily support 600 pounds with this rack so it's perfect for larger items. It is made to provide a heavy duty solution and remain durable. A key benefit is that you can adjust it so it either has a width of 6 or 8 feet depending on your requirements. You can also buy several of these and connect them together to create more space as long as they do not put too much weight on one joint. Number 3. SafeRax 4x8 overhead garage storage rack. A key unique selling point about the SafeRax 4x8 2 rack package with accessory hooks is that it does come with accessory hooks. As well as storing items in the racks above, you can dangle them from below too. This is perfect for anything from garden tools to bikes and buggies. Similar to the previous option on this list, the rack is able to support 600 pounds and is designed with strength in mind. As such, you shouldn't need to worry about your items falling once this has been effectively installed. While these racks are designed to be mounted to the wall as well as the ceiling, you can add them to ceiling joists, providing a fully flexible solution. Number 4. RacerPHLR garage ceiling storage rack lift. In many ways, the RacerPHLR garage ceiling storage rack lift is completely different from an innovative design. Adjustable, retractable and still designed to be strong, this is a clever piece of kit. The lift can be lowered to add products or remove items and raised back up out of sight with a crank system. Of course, it's not quite as strong as the other options on this list. It will only support 250 pounds. This hoist is well designed. It is also suitable for use in a range of different garages including ones that have curved ceilings. Number 5. HWI loft 0.054045 inch by 45 inch overhead storage system. Of course, if you're looking for a more conventional rack that is smaller in size, the HWI loft 0.054045 inch by 45 inch overhead storage system could be ideal for you. The rack is designed to support roughly 250 pounds so it matches the lift option we've just discussed. It also provides a total of 30 square feet of storage. As such, this is ideally suited for storing typical household items that you don't need most of the year like festive decorations or even luggage. For more details, click the link in the description. Thanks for watching the video.