 Hello guys, in today's video, we're going to check out the best garage storage solutions in this year. I made this list based on my personal opinion, and I've tried to list them based on their price, quality, durability, and many more. To find out more information about these garage storage solutions, you can check out the description below. If you want to get a best quality garage storage solutions according to your needs, then watch the video till the end, and then decide to buy. At the first position of our list, we have FlexAmounts forksate overhead garage storage rack. If you keep a lot of items in your garage that you rarely need to access, this overhead storage rack from FlexAmounts at is one of the best ways to use the space between your overhead and the ceiling that it otherwise wasted. The mount is constructed of heavy duty steel and can hold up to 550 pounds, so you won't have to worry that the system will come crashing down. Although the system takes no work to install since it requires a ladder, an idealia helping hand, once it is up it virtually never needs to be adjusted. One rack is 8 feet long and 4 feet wide, which leaves a huge footprint for holding boxes. Plus, the rack hangs down up to 40 inches from the ceiling, which offers enough clearance to load tall boxes or multiple boxes stacked on top of one another. If you were looking for the best bike garage storage system, there's another advantage to the FlexAmounts system. Hooks can be added on around the edges of the wire platform after market, allowing you to hang things like bikes, skis, and yard tools from the rack. Moving on to the next, number 2 with Seville Classics 5, tier steel wire shelving with wheels. When you are looking for the best cheap garage cabinets and cabinet systems, shelf units are also worth considering. This unit from Seville Classics is a traditional wire shelving unit with few special features, but just having shelves alone to work with can make a big difference in your organizational capacity. All 5 shelves are adjustable in height and 1 engine increments, making it easy to diversify the height between shelves to fit in large volume items as well as some other things. Plus, the shelving unit is on wheels for easy movement around the garage if you decide to change up to garage layout. Two locking brakes keep it from moving when you don't want it to go anywhere. If you were looking for the best metal garage cabinets, this pick is right for you. The shelving is very durable thanks to the high grade steel construction and ultra zinc plating that prevents times of wear and rust. Each shelf is rated to hold 300 pounds putting the total weight capacity of the unit at an enormous 1500 pounds. Better yet, there are no tools required to assemble or disassemble the shelving. The shelving comes with a one-year warranty, but it is unlikely that anything will happen to the shelves for years to come. The number 3 position is held by Wall Control 30 WGL200GMEB Galvanized Steel. If you don't need to reorganize your entire garage and probably looking for the best rail garage storage system since it's easy to install. Take a look at this pegboard from Wall Control which is a great organizational tool. The pegboard is constructed from Galvanized Steel, making it significantly stronger and capable of bearing more weight than traditional pegboards. Plus, mounting it onto the wall is simple, straightforward and fast with the included hardware. Note that the pegboard is sold as two individual panels that are each about 16 inches by 32 inches, meaning that they can be placed side by side to form a single large pegboard or placed in different parts of your garage. However, they must be placed vertically given the orientation of the slots. Next at number 4 we have Flex Amounts, two Pactuix Xperia shelving 24. This set of shelving combines Flex Amounts ingenuity with the usefulness of traditional wall shelving. What sets these shelves apart is the whopping 400 pound-way capacity, which means that you'll be able to stack extremely heavy objects onto these shelves without worrying. Whether it's a toolbox, an air compressor, or a garage fan, this storage system will handle it all. The shelves only jut out from the wall by two feet, however, which may limit the size of objects that you can put on these shelves because the shelves are sold as a two-pack rather than as a single-long shelf. It is possible to place these shelves either side by side, stacked above one another, or around completely different parts of the garage. This flexibility also means that you can customize how high off the ground you want to place the shelves and how much clearance you want to leave between the shelves and the ceiling. Source house and buy on dot org slash best garage storage system. The number 5 position is held by Rack or PHLR, garage ceiling storage rack lift. This overhead system from Rack or Attempts to alleviate the fundamental issue with ceiling mounted garage storage systems. It is difficult to get items onto enough of the rack. These system solves that by incorporating a polar system into the rack, such that the ceiling mounted arms can lift and lower the wire rack from the arm tips to up to 8 feet below the ceiling. The system is rated for up to 250 pounds, which is impressive given that your stuff will be held in place by four steel cables. However, the platform itself is only 4 feet by 4 feet, which does not leave much space to work with. Thus, you will even need to buy multiple racks, which quickly becomes expensive, or you will be limited in the amount of stuff you can store with this system. The raising and lowering system on this rack is also not ideal. Since there is no easy drop down cord you can pull on, or bond to press that raises and lowers the platform. Instead, you need to turn a metal hook with an included metal rod, which can be slow even when turning the rod with a drill. The number 6 position is dominated by per pack elite storage cabinet. The number 6 position is rated for up to 25 feet, which is a total of 225. The number 6 position is rated for up to 25 feet, which is a total of 225. Although it is one of the simpler and more traditional garage storage systems in our roundup, don't underestimate this storage cabinet from per pack. The cabinet is a whopping 32 inches wide and 65 inches tall. So, it leaves plenty of space to store items. The cabinet only has three shelves, but a nice feature of that two of them can be adjusted in height so that you can customize how you stack items on the shelves. The cabinet itself is made of composite wood, while all of the hinges and handles are made of metal. The cabinet is relatively stylish and so would fit in well with a furnished garage or even a basement. Since the design is relatively simple and the construction is strong, this cabinet is also very durable and requires very little assembly. For peace of mind, it comes with a 5 year warnew, which makes it one of the best garage cabinets for the money. Moving on to the next at number 7 with Pegboard Organizer Wall Control 4. Metal, Amazon shoppers give this metal Pegboard Organizer a near perfect rating because it takes less than 30 minutes to install, works well in small spaces and holds in a sort of an accessory. The kit comes with mounting hardware to mount a set of three panels as well as attachments for organizing tools. It provides 10.5 square feet of storage space, so you might want to consider buying two depending on the size of your tool collection and garage. Best of all, there are more than 30 colors to choose from. One customer says it's one of the best purchases I have made recently for organizing while another claims. It looks more professional than the wooden pegboards found at Big Box Home Improvement stores. The number 8 position is held by Tukes for Basics 90,164 and my custom work bench. This starter kit, with thousands of positive reviews provides 4 legs, 6 shelf links, and 2 sets of screws to help you create a custom workbench. With that said, you're required to provide your own lumber and tools, including a circular saw, drill, and tape measure. Customers say assembly goes quickly and smoothly thanks to the kit's helpful instructions as well as other reviewer suggestions. Whether you like to garden, work on projects, or simply have extra shelving, this $62 kit is the key to building your dream garage storage system. I love this work bench, one five star reviewer writes. I searched everywhere for a large, sturdy table for all my hobbies. I happened to stumble upon this one day. And what's better than designing exactly what you need? I was able to buy the lumber. Cut it, put it together, and stain it in one weekend. Next at number 9, we have 2 pack of millenipop and broom holder. If there's one garage storage system every household needs, it's this well-mounted mop and broom organizer that costs only $19. The package comes with 2 racks that feature 5 secure slots for long tools and 6 hooks for a variety of objects with handles, like trowels. This means you can fit up to 22 brooms, shovels, rakes, and other tools on these garage organizers. This has been a long overdue purchase for our house, one customer says. I love that it has hideaway hooks in addition to the spots for the broom slash mop handles. Plus, it comes with super easy installation instructions and has a piece of paper that is the same size as the unit with matching screw holes, no need for guessing and specific measurements. Just tape up the paper, mark your holes, and screw in the piece. Done and done. Finally, the number 10 position is dominated by SteadyRack bike rack. Bikes can take up quite a bit of space on garage floors, which is why you should consider a wall-mounted bike rack. This garage storage solution has a 4.8 star rating from shoppers who say it has rock-solid construction and is very easy to move bikes in and out. Many customers claim their favorite feature of the rack is the swivel design that pivots up to 160 degrees. Not only does this function save space, but it also makes it a breeze to get bikes on and off the rack. There are 4 different types of racks classic. Fed, Fender, and Mount and all of which fit, most good and adult-sized bicycles. We purchased 3 of these and installed them in a small section of our garage, one shopper says. They look great on the wall and when in the closed position, take up only minimal space. It is quite easy to put the bikes on and take them off for a lightweight young adult to an older person who has limited capability for lifting. These take hardly any effort to get bikes into place. That's all for today. We upload house products review videos every single day. So don't forget to subscribe and click the bell icon for the upcoming video notification.