 When it comes to double-sided mounting tape are some of these brands really as good as they say they are. Or are all these brands pretty much the same. Today we're going to do some testing to find out which one of these brands makes the best double-sided mounting tape. The double-sided tapes will be compared using three separate tests. Tensill strength will be tested first. In order to test tensill strength two by fours were cut into six inch pieces. Then a hole was drilled in the center of each board. A single strip of double-sided tape was applied, then pressed together. Apply when temperature is above 50 degrees Fahrenheit. Step one is to apply tape to back of object vertically, allowing for even distribution of weight. Cut tape and press to secure tape to object. Remove clear liner and align object to desired placement. Press firmly as gorilla tape conforms to the surface and creates a strong permanent bond. The double-sided tape has been applied to all the tensill strength test samples. For the shear strength test we'll be attaching these two boards to form a T using the double-sided tape. Two strips of double-sided tape were applied to ensure complete tape coverage for both the three quarter inch and the one-inch tapes. If you're planning to use double-sided tape to attach an object to a wall or a vertical surface, the final test will be most helpful. One by two inch rectangular steel was cut into two inch lengths. We're all set up to test shear strength, so up next what we're going to do is go ahead and apply the double-sided tape to these metal pieces. Now each one of these metal pieces has been sanded with four degree grit and cleaned with denatured alcohol. All the test pieces are nearly ready to go. We just need 72 more hours and the testing will begin. It's been right at 72 hours, so let's get the testing underway beginning with the tensile strength test. We'll be testing two different types of gorilla double-sided mounting tape. The first one claims that it can handle up to 30 pounds. It bonds to plastic, metal, wood, glass, brick, ceramic, stone, and more. This tape is weatherproof and is for indoor and outdoor use. For the tensile strength test, I'll place the wood block in position, slide the pins through the wood, once the pins are in place, an upward force will be applied until the boards are separated. Rill has delivered an impressive 98 pounds of tensile strength on the first sample. It was down quite a bit to 38 on the second sample. It was up again to 57 on the third. We'll be testing two types of gorilla tape. The second type is the clear tape and it's rated for 15 pounds. Rill a clear achieved 38 pounds in the first sample. It was down slightly to 35 on the second. Down again to 14 on the third. Duck permanent bond mounting tape is supposed to hold up to three pounds. Now this is three quarter inch tape. Most of the other tapes were testing are one inch. Duck is only three quarters of an inch wide and delivered 12 pounds of tensile strength on the first sample. It was down a little to nine on the second. Up quite a bit to 38 on the third. Lock tight power grab mounting tape is supposed to hold 100 pounds per roll and is designed for indoor and outdoor use. Lock tight is only three quarters of an inch and delivered 16 pounds of tensile strength on the first sample. Up some to 25 pounds on the second. Up some again to 45 pounds on the third. T-rex is a forotally strong clear mounting tape that's supposed to hold up to 30 pounds. It took 46 pounds for the first sample. The second was up a little to 56. The third was down slightly to 48 so T-rex did a great job delivering pretty consistent results. Fix Pro mounting tape is an extreme mounting tape that promises to deliver 121 pounds or 55 kilograms. A closer look at the fine printed actually does hold 121 pounds but that's for the entire roll. Fix Pro took 49 on the first sample. The second was down some to 32. The third was up again to 47. X-fasten's mulling tape is supposed to be super strength and extreme bonding. X-fasten was 31 on the first. The second was up some to 64. The third was down slightly to 62. Instead of spending a lot of money on an A-brand why not just buy something like LLP double sided tape? LLPT did great with 104 on the first. Down slightly to 100 on the second. Down slightly again to 78 on the third so very impressive performance. Not a whole lot of information on the packaging of this 3M Scotch 59-52 very high bond tape. It's supposed to be an extremely strong tape that reaches its maximum strength after 72 hours. 40 pounds on the first. Up quite a bit to 68 on the second. Stay right at 68 on the third. Many of the double sided tape struggled to get a really good and consistent grip on the 2x4 material. As we'll see later in the video they tend to grip much better and provide more consistent hold on a less porous surface such as plastic or steel. Surprisingly the least expensive product LLPT did the best providing 94 pounds of tensile strength, Gorilla 64, 3M 58, X Fasten 52 and T-Rex 50. The next test will be testing for shear strength. I'll place the test piece inside the test holder and insert it into the test device and the test will begin. Gorilla provided 66 pounds of shear strength on the first sample. It was up some to 81 on the second. Up again to 107 on the third. Gorilla actually did a pretty good job sticking to both the end grain as well as the side of the board. Gorilla clear 57 on the first sample. 36 on the second. Up some to 50 on the third. Duck 111 pounds on the first sample. Down some to 76 on the second. Up again to 95 on the third. Very good job by Duck. It did a great job sticking to the end grain as well as the side of the board. Locktite 61 on the first sample. 23 on the second. Up again to 61 on the third. Locktite clear just didn't seem to stick as well as some of the other brands we've tested. T-Rex 66 on the first sample. Up some to 92 on the second. Down quite a bit to 37 on the third. So T-Rex just seemed like it's a very sticky and stretchy two-sided tape. Fix pro 55 on the first. Down some to 42 on the second. Up some to 68 on the third. Fix pro just didn't seem to stick as well as some of the other brands. X-Faston 64 on the first. 65 on the second. Down slightly to 62 on the third. So very consistent results from X-Faston. X-Faston seems like a really sticky tape and did a really good job sticking to both the end grain and the side of the board. LLPT 89 on the first. 69 on the second. Up quite a bit to 117 on the third. LLPT continue to do a great job. You can see it did a great job sticking to the end grain as well as the side of the board. 3M 39 on the first. Up quite a bit to 105 on the second. Down slightly to 93 on the third. So the 3M double side tape actually stuck to the end grain betting that did the side of the board. The shear strength test really put the structural integrity of both the carrier material and the adhesive to the test. Duck did extremely well at 94 pounds while LLPT came in a close second at 91, grill a third at 84, 3M at 78 and T-Rex at 65. The next set of tests I'll insert the metal into the test device and then insert a pin to hold the test piece in place. I'll also put a wedge behind the test piece to keep it from moving as we're applying force until these two separate. Grill let go at 45 on the first. Up a little to 54 on the second. Down a little to 51 on the third. So much more consistent results on metal. Grill it actually did a pretty good job sticking to the metal. Grill a clear 37 on the first. Stayed at 37 on the second. Up slightly to 42 on the third. Grill a clear did a very good job sticking as you can see, his stuff is very elastic. Duck 61 on the first. Up slightly to 65 on the second. Down slightly to 64 on the third. Okay, duck did a great job of sticking to the metal as you can see, the tape actually split apart from itself in some areas. Lock tight 56 on the first sample. 72 on the second. Down slightly to 65 on the third. T-Rex 60 on the first. Down slightly to 53 on the second. Up some to 63 on the third. Fix pro 56 on the first. Up slightly to 58 on the second. Down a little to 50 on the third. Looks like Fix pro has a lot of a last 52 and does a pretty good job of sticking. Fix fast and 53 on the first. Down slightly to 52 on the second. Down again a little to 48 on the third. Hell LPT 71 on the first. Up slightly to 78 on the second. Down slightly to 75 on the third. Hell LPT T-R away from itself. This stuff seems like it's really sticky. It does a great job as far as bonding to steel. 3M 80 on the first. Up a little to 84 on the second. Down slightly to 82 on the third. 3M did an amazing job of sticking to the steel. You can see where it actually tore away from itself in several areas. If you're planning to use double sided tape to attach an object to a wall or a vertical surface, the results of this test are probably the most useful. 3M did the best in the final test at 82 pounds. Hell LPT at 74, Locktite at 64, Duck 63 and T-Rex 58. When it comes to price, there's a huge difference between the brands with Hell LPT costing only 22 cents per foot and finished in first or second place in all three categories of testing. Fix pro, Gorilla and Locktite were the most expensive tapes, costing around $1.70 to $1.80 per foot. I really enjoy finding products that are very affordable, that outperformed the more expensive competition. Hell LPT did just that on both the wood tensile strength as well as the wood shear strength. Its ability to stick to wood was very impressive. Now regarding a smooth surface such as steel, 3M just couldn't be beat clearly winning the showdown. 100% of videos on this channel come from viewer suggestions. So please take time to leave a comment if you have a video idea. As usual just want to say thanks so much for watching the video. Please take care and I look forward to next time.