 Hey everyone, so today I want to do a long-term ownership review of my new age garage cabin instead of I've had for almost five years now. So end of 2018 I started to really plan out my garage build and I knew obviously I was going to have to get a really nice set of garage cabinets after the painting, the trim and the flooring was done. Next we're going to come to the cabinets because you really don't want to do any of that stuff afterwards because you don't have to drag the cabinets back out. So once everything was set up in here, the cabinets got award in the beginning of 2019. I did a lot of research before I ended up ordering cabinets. I looked at everything from your really basic big box store kind of flimsy cabinets all the way to your super high-end stuff, the really nice aluminum, super expensive stuff. I didn't want to go with the really basic stuff that you see at the stores. It's kind of flimsy, the weight capacities aren't the best and it just kind of feels cheap overall. So I wanted something a better quality than that. So I started looking at the super ultra really nice high-end stuff, some of it that is even aluminum. Absolutely beautiful, fantastic, beautiful construction, all nice features. The problem is it's very expensive. You can easily get into five figures buying that stuff and it is easily four to five times more than something like this is going to cost. And I don't really see four to five times the value there. While it is beautiful, it does have nice features. Having them made out of aluminum, I think it's kind of almost pointless because once they're in place you're never moving them again. It's a static object. So the weight is kind of irrelevant. And I don't really see four to five times the features in it. The design might be a little bit nice, some of the features and some of the moving parts, like the hinges and the bearings and the drawers, but I don't see that much of a value in going that high-end. So I didn't want to spend that much money on it. So I started to look at some of the sort of mid-grade stuff, some of the more commercial stuff that wasn't super expensive. So I started looking at new age because they were one of the really big companies that were doing garage cabinets at that time. So they do two main series for their garage series, the Bold and the Pro, which is what this is. The Bold is more residential. The main difference is being Bold and Pro, the Bold series. They're a little bit, they're not quite as deep. They're not about 18 inches deep as opposed to 24, which is what this is. They're not quite as tall. These are about six inches taller or so than the Bold is going to be. And the main difference is really going to be the gauge of steel that I use. The Bold series uses a 24 gauge steel. This uses a thicker 18 gauge. So it's about twice as thick. So obviously because of that, you have a much higher weight rating. And I wanted to have a good weight rating because I knew what time went on. Obviously, I started loading these things up with weight and I didn't want them to kind of get tweaked over time and have them move and come out of adjustment. So I was like, it's not that much more to go to the Pro series, which is considered more of a commercial grade. So I started looking at these things. So lots of options available, different colors, different kits, different configurations available. So with anything else you want to take your time, lots of measurements in here because I wanted to maximize the space because one thing that is very true with garage cabinets is true with a lot of other things is it is much more cost effective to order a big set than to start ordering individual pieces. So you really want to find out how much space you have and what you want and try to order a big kit. It would be even a lot cheaper if you wanted to do different setups in different parts of your house. Maybe you want to do a setup in the garage or maybe a setup in the basement. It's a lot cheaper order one massive set and split them up into order two separate sets or order one by one. So you want to take your time, take your measurements like I did, make sure everything fits the way you're going to want it to fit. Take your time and think about it, lots of measurements before you pull the trigger and commit to something because you don't want to you really can't it would be very difficult to kind of exchange your send back. So you really want to make sure you're getting the right color configuration setup before you go ahead and order. So that's what I did lots of measuring and checking and making sure it was really going to work with this because this is the pretty common layout having cabinets tall cabinets on the end that having a center section here with a basic workbench top with your cabinets, your upper cabinets above it. So this is a pretty common layout but I just want to make sure I got as much as I could with the available space that I had. So I went ahead and ordered them early 2019. They got delivered fairly quickly. I think I had to wait like four to six weeks I want to say for them. So probably average freight time I don't know if it's it's got a little bit longer because everything it's gone on since them but it wasn't a too bad of a freight time. When they showed up one of the tall locker cabinets came in damage. Now I don't blame the manufacturer. I don't blame any manufacturer when these garage cabinets come in damaged. That is a very common theme you're going to hear on car forms, garage forms that they come in damaged because unfortunately these get shipped through freight. They're not going to come UPS. They're not going to come by FedEx. They're too big and too heavy to come. So they're going to come either on a box truck or possibly a small tractor trailer. So whether they're being shipped from the factory to the storage facility or from the storage facility to your location, they get beat up and freight a little bit. So I don't blame any of the companies that make these things. So you really want to be very thorough when you get these things off the truck to check that they come to stick around them that says check everything if they have damage on them call new age customer service immediately so that they can you can report to them and then they can document that you you got a damage so they can take appropriate corrective action for that. So like I said the one came in damage again I don't blame them for that. The freight companies are gentle with this stuff. So and they came up with very simple solution. They just replaced the cabinet form. So I was very happy very quick very receptive. I had to show them a couple of pictures. Pretty easy process and they were very very helpful with that. So they got the new one sent out to me immediately. I think I got it within like a week or two. They had the new one come in. So that was really the only run-in that I had with their customer service and then one or two of the cabinets had some small scratches on it. They sent me some touch up paint for that quick and easy no questions asked. That was simple enough and I keep that for touching up any damage that I do owning these cabinets. So the big time investment with these is that initial setup. You can do with one person two people makes the job a lot easier because you should prepare yourself to spend the better part of an entire weekend doing this because it might not seem like a big project but from start to finish it consumes a lot of time. You're going to have to get them off the truck take them off the pallet unwrap them. You may notice when you get them you might think you're missing some because not a lot of boxes come the small cabinets go inside the big cabinets so you're going to be like where's the rest of the boxes they're inside they tuck them into safe space during shipping. So once you get everything out check for damage report any damage if that applies to you. Get everything cleaned up set up bolted together in the spot you want it to go that's not too bad where you really invest a lot of time is perfecting and getting everything exactly how you want that's eats up a ton of time because probably going on in a garage or someplace with concrete floors and concrete floors are never perfect there's always little imperfections high and low spots and concrete floors so you're going to spend a ton of time if you want them to be absolutely perfect you can spend a ton of time leveling and tweaking the feet and getting them exactly where you want so that's why two people makes it easy at least until you get it into the spot you want setup overall wasn't too bad you're really just putting the feet on if you're going to floor mount that or you might have to do the wall mounts on the wall if you're going to wall mount that it comes set up for both so the actual assembly wasn't too bad they're almost completely assembled out of the box so each cabinet is bolted to the one next to it so the whole system essentially is bolted together so I basically got everything set laid out easily the way I wanted went through bolted every cabinet together once I kind of had it up against the wall I made sure I left enough room under the feet so I can get a wrench in there to turn it so I can level everything out when I initially got it set up like this I wanted to move the whole thing over again so to get it over I basically just use the bottle jack and I used pieces of wood as spacers and I literally slid the whole assembly over a little bit because I was a little too far to the right so I slid it all the way over to the left so I would have maxed no wasted space between the steps and the garbage pile I have over there once I got it in the exact spot I wanted to that's when I had to really invest a lot of time in perfecting getting everything straight and level so everything would sit the way that I wanted it to so first thing I did was I started to get the go through and get the feet even on everything because you're going to notice so I find out real fast how uneven your floor is so you're going to go through and this it just eats up hours and hours you go through with your level put it on top of everything side to side front to back and it's just it's a lot of trial and error there's really no other way to do it than a ton of trial and error and you're just going to spend a few hours at least doing that so that's going to eat up a lot of the time when you're doing that and once you get it where you want you get everything level you get everything set then I put a bottle jack in the middle here because there's everything's bolted together as I start putting weight in these upper cabinets they're it's going to probably pull down on the outer on the outer cabinets and start to bubble a little bit in the middle so bottle jack in the middle wood as spacers jacked it up just enough through the level on the top once it was perfect one lag bolt in each of the upper cabinets so now they're all bolted together and they have three bolts holding it to the wall I don't think you have to put lag bolts to hold it in the wall if you don't want to once you get these things weighed down there's so much weight in these things I don't know if you even really pull them over but as a safety margin and just for the heck of it and just to keep make sure these upper cabinets stay perfectly level through a lag bolt need real simple real easy so that was the sort of initial set I did a video on that talking about the initial setup on it and then after that it's just you're going to constantly be reconfiguring these things moving things around what fits the best where what goes in certain spots and then you'll end up setting one cabinet up you move stuff over there it's sort of a never ending process with these things once you start to load them up and that's why I wanted that higher weight capacity of this pro series because I knew as time went on I started putting fluids and oils and tools and cleaning supplies and vacuums and extractors and tons of stuff in these things they're going to get weighed down I was worried is it going to start knocking the things out of place over time how is that going to go so I also did another video about when I was had them for about a year year and a half of like recommendations tweaks for that I'll put that up above it was just like I said a lot of little tweaking things like that I just had to sand down some of the the shims for the guide rods for the locks I don't lock these things but they kind of catch a little bit that's just another little tip I had in my video for the initial setup but now I've had these for nearly five years how have they held up over the term overall very very well I am very happy with these things I really have no complaints with these cabins they have done very well after that I had to invest that long weekend into getting them perfect and straight and everything set up everything's been good because I've like I said I loaded these things up with a ton of weight I have not had to readjust any of the doors none of the frames had moved on me at all all the draws still pull out really nice I'll usually put a little bit of a loop on the ball bearings of the draws for the tool chest about once a year so just to keep it nice and fresh and haven't go in and out well but I haven't really had to invest anything it's far as time into really tweaking or fixing or adjusting and it's it's it's done very well as it is and I wanted to go with the biggest set of possible because I knew I was going to load these things up with stuff and I really have I put quite a bit of stuff in these things this once my detailing cabinet put a ton of stuff in this thing so this thing I mean I put all the fluids and tons of stuff in here various vacuums and extractors on the bottom and this stuff starts to really weigh down over time my tool cabinets probably the heaviest these they were still work really well like some of this I have all impact stuff in here short and deep impact sets SAE and metric impact drivers all kinds of tools and and you can feel when you close at it there's got a lot of weight to that thing and these have all have have stayed perfect I haven't had all the doors the draws out of adjust when I got adjust again they've been good that's why I like going with a little bit of heavier duty commercial series like this it wasn't that much more money and it's done very well and nothing that's not pretty well as the paint I've this paint is held up very well on this thing despite this garage seeming really clean it gets dirty and I do some messy stuff in here sometimes and I bumped into these things a ton of time and stuff's falling up against them I've dropped things on them and they resist scuffs and damage pretty darn well to paint the only time I really have scratched them is if something like I hit it with a screwdriver some sort of hard metal to metal contact because it's it's if you get something like a saddle with a screwdriver something direct metal it's gonna be hard resist resist a scratch but I just use that little bit touch up paint that they gave me and I fixed that so they the paint has held up very well as had this bamboo top they had two options for the bamboo top or for the top rather stainless steel and the bamboo I like the bamboo better because I think it hides damage better stainless steel looks really nice but being one flat shiny piece of metal you get one scratch and that thing and it's you're gonna see from mile away with this there's tons of little dings and dents in this thing and it's held up pretty well if you really look you can kind of see them but I just wiped this down with some degreaser once I've all just to keep it clean and it it holds up very well it resists a lot of really big dense and there are a couple a lot of little small ones here and there but it's held up very well overall so everything still feels really smooth everything still feels the way it did the day that I got everything tweaked and adjusted the way I wanted it to so lots of way in these things this cabinets full of full of oil there's gallons and gallons and gallons of motor oil in here hydraulic units for my quick jacks floor jacks and all kinds of stuff in here and send it's it's it's held up very well I mean this is a static object it doesn't move so it's not really going to get the wear and tear that's something that would move wood but uh it's proven that they can handle the weight without the frames coming out of adjustment without the doors coming out of adjustment without the drawers coming out of adjustment or anything needed needing to be tweaked and it's been very very durable and I'm very happy with this like I said the paint's held up really well and I would definitely get this again if I was going to do something in the basement if I was going to do another garage but I'd get this again I think this is a good middle ground where you're buying something better than the basic stuff but you're not going into five figures for something super expensive like aluminum because another thing I didn't like about aluminum is you lose the magnetic aspect of it I on the I have tons of magnetic stuff on it's on the one end I got gloves and uh the grease or wipes and paper towels on the other end I got about a hundred lights hang it off the side on the the other side and inside some of the cabinets so it's nice having that's another nice thing about using steel as well you don't lose the the magnetic feature that you lose on aluminum and this is not that bad the initial cost this thing is at the time five years ago was I think two thousand dollars for uh this initial set and then after I got this two things I added I added this locker cabinet to the end because I had enough room not enough room for one of these big ones but just enough for I think they call this a locker cabinet they advertise this is kind of for hanging like clothes in here or any sort of work dressings but I just have some extra stuff in here various holders for nuts and bolts and a couple of automotive tools break bleeder kits and screws and a heat gun and diagnostic tools and waste oil container and then magnetic I got my thread checker on there so I added that and also another accessory I added that they have wasn't under cabinet lighting real simple I think you can do up to four they're all wired into each other off of a single switch so those times I'm sitting here and I'm working on something and I need a little bit extra light it's always there so that was it was not an expensive accessory to get from them works well it's magnetic single switch just simple basic under cabinet lights that's worked well never had an issue with it so and since then obviously prices have gone up he's got have gotten a lot more expensive it's like everything else this time has gone up but I think it's still a relatively affordable series of cabinets that is good for your average residential or even probably up to some some shop use for something like this and since then I think they've done quite a bit of updates especially on the new edge new age website the other day still have tons of different configurations available depending on what you want to do they have even more colors available than they used to have and they've expanded quite a bit they have not just the garage cabinets that they used to do primarily they have work benches and slat walls and lighting and they do flooring and stuff for like backyard stuff like patio setups they do kitchens that they do a ton of stuff they're a huge company now that offer a lot of stuff and if there's all their other stuff is the same quality that this stuff is I would definitely consider that I this possibility I might do some sort of a work bench set up in the basement for when I need a lot of space to spread out so I'm probably going to look into that for for my basement as well because I have no complaints I think the value for a dollar for these things really really good you can debt the average person I think in justify spending a little extra money for this pro series and getting into more commercial grade with thicker metals then they somebody can with a lot of the super high end ones especially the aluminum ones beautiful but it's just it's a lot of money for something like that and this holds up just as well I think I think this is it's like I said it's a static thing that doesn't move and once you get it adjusted to where you want it it's held up perfectly fine I've never had to come in here and do any sort of maintenance other than maybe making sure that the drawers are real nice making sure they roll smooth which they always do and they work really nice and and that's it so so I hope you've enjoyed the review of my new age cabinets that have been for five years thanks for watching