 Hey everyone, we're back this time with an installation video of a ceiling rack. We want to make the garage into more of a multipurpose workout room for exercising stuff. That's what we had in that big ass TV over there. So my wife ordered two racks that are 4x8 feet racks that are going to go up on the ceiling. We're going to put them up here. So that will be, we can take a lot of the stuff that we're storing in the garage up on top. That's what you guys are going to see today. I got my nephew Ivan, my niece's husband, helping me out today. I'm going to be the one kind of talking to him with two. Well, we'll see how it works out. Check it out. We'll see what it looks like. Hopefully it works. Here's the before, by the way. This one looks like right now. We got all this stuff over here. We're going to try to take those racks out. And then we're going to put one up on this side and then one up where these bikes are out. I'm going to take these bikes down and put them in a different spot. Let's see what it looks like. All right, here we go. All right. What we did is what I like to do. At least every time I build anything, I put it all out together and groomed so I know what I need to use and what parts we need to have. What's like, the first thing we've had to do is put these, this piece together with these piece together on both sides. We're going to do that now. And so we'll see how it looks. So I see that. Tip to avoid the alignment issues, place the remaining two bolts in the center holes. But it doesn't show it. No, but it says it. I just recommend it down. Yeah, so here as well. We can have a seat. Yeah. Oh, love that shit. That one is smooth, huh? Yeah. So we should go there. Yep. All right, we got the two studs found and then I've got my drill here to do the same easy. There we go. Perfect. Oh, wow. Yeah, I think. All right. Yes, I'm moving anywhere. Yep. You got those in. Nice. All right. So we got the first one. Now we got to get the other one on that side. Right about there, huh? And let's see. Should we go right here or right here? Let's set up another. Should we go right about here? As long as it's kind of even. Yeah, that's kind of even. Yeah. My thing is there's stud right there. You see? I just want to make this one over here. Yeah. Right there. There you go. Let's see. That's it. That's it. Right on it. Right on it. Right on it. Right on it. Right on it. Right on it. Right on it. Yeah. That. That was not where we had to charge him. Where the wave will charge him? Be over there. We're going to run off to see if we can get him back. Let's see. All right. Let's see. All right. All right. All right. Hey. All right. All right. Oh. No. Yeah, wait. There you go. It's starting to keep it. there. In fact we're testing this. Yeah, I'm going to press this class right to the left here on. the anchors that we're using, I'll for in, they're 4 feet wide by 8 feet long, so we got them spaced out that they're going to go pretty much to the wall to the center here. Now the next thing we had to do was get the length. How much down do we want to go? So we took the pieces and we already kind of put them together and we're going to go, what is that about, 24 inches down. We're going to put that in there right now. As you can see, we just put them together. They're still kind of moving right now. We're going to tighten them up so that they don't move anymore. Once we've got that, we're all locked in. We've got all 4 pieces set. We'll tighten these up right now and start putting them up. Let's see. I don't think it'll be that big of a difference. You know what I mean? Okay, yeah, yeah, it's going to be right there. I don't think it's going to be given enough lag. Does it sit? All right. So now we got these. We left them a little bit loose on purpose so that I can slide these in. You can see how it's got the parts that we're going to hammer it down right now. Once you get those those will slide in there. You can see that it got some both sides. Let's do one on that side as well. There we go. All right. So then we got both of those pieces in and now we've got to do these pieces. This is going to be the length and then just realize that. Okay, what we did is made sure we left them a little bit loose. The top ones we haven't tightened yet. But we did do this. We messed up a little bit on something when we did the measurement, but it actually worked out because what we did now is we did two sets. So what we did is we moved this brace. We moved it over one beam over because we're going to hang another one right here. We can use it set in the instructions. You can use the same brace if you're going to do an additional one. So rather than having to put two sets of braces up, you'll see right now we're going to hang another one from that. So we got the length or the height or depth. I don't know how you want to call it. Right? I know we're going to get it. We got these in. These go in at pressure because there's going to be pressure coming in. We'll put in this last piece. Let's put this last piece in another one. All right. There you go. Get that there. Go ahead and put your side in first. That's not measured. You got your side in? Yep. All right. I'll put my side in now. There we go. And should use a rubber mallet, but I'll be honest. We did just a regular hammer. And let's put it in there. In. All right. On your side. If you do the rubber mallet, it just won't leave the marks, but we're going to put them in there. There it is. There it is. There you go. It's in. All right. There we go. Now one of the things I did do is when I checked what the height I wanted to have it at, I'm basically having some six feet. This is just giving me enough clearance. We don't really put anything in here. We've never really cared anything that we'd hire than that. And that gives us the clearest we want to do it. We're going to put another one on that side. But we have one more brace that we're going to put in the middle and then we'll put it in our racks. There we go. This will be the center brace. And there's that one. Go ahead and get me the other bolts I've been. Please. I have them here from Denver helping me out. So I really appreciate this. If you guys want to follow I will get him to create his own channel. All right. There we go. This is working out really good. So fun. We did struggle with it at the beginning, but now we got the hang of it. All right. Now put that side angle for it. And then we're going to do all the typing of the bolts. But I'm glad we left the top bolts loose because it's made this a lot easier. We can just go back and tighten all these screws, all these nuts and bolts, nuts and bolts. Those are as we say. Good. Yeah. All right. Let's tighten these up. All right. Here's this. These last ones, this is the part I was saying that we left loose so that it gives us the room to move around. There we go. By the way, I love these ladders. These adjustable ladders really fun. There we go. All right. That's it. Yeah. There we go. It's got going to give us the room we need so we can finally get this garage in much better shape. All right. Last piece is to put these racks up. So which one is this one? All right. So now we're going to start putting our racks in. There we go. Perfect space. That's it. Just like that. I need the next four. Actually, I'll start on the other end. All right. I got it going. Give me another one. Actually, I'm not going to need to do that. That's pretty easy. Yeah. Last one. There we go. There we go. There we go. Yeah. These slide around, these feel a little room, but really they're just made to. Now, one thing I do know, a lot of people will sometimes want to get the ones that are flat. So there's no opening here. I actually like it like this because believe it or not, from a safety standpoint, it's a lot better than if stuff were to fall down. Nothing puddles there, liquids, maybe an aerosol that you actually put in there for firemable hazards or whatever. It's always better because if you had something that was that was like a fire type hazard, believe it or not, you're able to spray it from the bottom a lot easier than if it was covered. That's one of the reasons why we're with with the mesh over the other ones. There we go. And what we're going to do now is we're going to measure four more pieces like this. We're going to put the other one right next to it and then we'll just measure out. Let's keep going, Evan. Let's go. The reason why we put this like this, I'm now I'm going to be able to put the other one right here off of this same piece. We've already measured to make sure I've got it at the right length. You got to see there it is. Oh, it's a little longer, huh? I'm just going to go up one. Yeah, you just got to go up one. I just got to go up one. All right. But we're going to put this in here. We're going to use this same one. We're going to do that over there and then we're just going to extend it up. Let's take you right back here. This is going to come right there. Put that in there. There we go. I'm in now. Just slide this over a little bit. There it is. Now it's straight, see? Perfect. A hammer? No, not yet. Okay. There it is. All right now. Just hammering this last piece in. We did this actually a lot faster. Here it is, right? Yep. Both are doing the same. You can hear it. And it looks even. And then we're just going to tighten the four bolts up on top. I'll do this side. Oh, I can't wait up. Good? Yep. Now we're just tightening up. I can't do the middle one. Oh, that's right. The straight. We have to bolt that in, huh? Yeah. There it is. You can just tighten these up and reach it up. Right? You don't have time for nothing, I think it's going to be better. Is it? Yeah. Yep. That is not up to the gas. There it is. What I'm doing? I'm going to send it. There it is. That's good. There it is. That's good. There it is. All right. How's that? Perfect. Okay. Now it's time to maybe start putting some of the stuff up here, you know this? Okay, we got it all done. Ivan was huge. All thank you Ivan. What we did was uh, we did save some time. This one was put up first. And once we figured out, actually watching a video on YouTube, like, two guys are doing, we figured out because we were going to put them two together, you could reuse the same suspension part of it. And so we did that. Once we did that, we were able to flip up the other side much quicker. And we got all these pieces in. It's pretty sturdy. Again, it's not made to, it's a swing, but it's really sturdy. We're going to be able to get into space. So hopefully you guys got a little laugh out of some of the things I did probably boarded anything. And we'll say one of them I did hit my thumb. We'll see how that looks later. But it's actually not that hard. It just takes time. One of the things I was worried about is it does say it's a two person job and definitely a two person job because it made a big difference. So if you guys are thinking of getting them, I recommend them. What we did do, what I did buy in Amazon, was the, I don't know how you pronounce it, full name, F-O-L-A-I, stud finder, I think it was like 20 bucks. Things work awesome. I've used this actually in install the TV. Works really good, so I recommend using that stud finder. Also one of the easy things is with these garage roofs or garage ceilings, you aren't able to see where the studs kind of at. So you were able to verify that the stud finder was right on point with center. So that's why I liked it too. But not hard at all to do. I think it's going to save a ton of space. Maybe I'll show you guys later once we put things up there what it looks like. Hope you guys appreciated the video. Have a bunch of other videos. Like, subscribe. God bless. Well I got everything put away. Put the racks up. I'm pretty much put all the decorations from Christmas Halloween. Thanksgiving Easter because Mario has a bunch of that stuff. All up here now as well as my golf club. So everything's off the floor. Pretty much the only thing left now are my bikes and exercise equipment. Which I gotta figure out how I'm going to put those away later. But for the most part, I got the garage back. So hopefully you guys, if you're thinking of doing that, I loved it. I think it was a lot of work to put them up. But it was way worth the time and effort. And now I can even put a card here. Thanks very much.