 Today I'm reviewing the 20 pack of DIY mag magnetic hooks in a silver color. I have used these on cruises for years and they have become one of my favorite travel hacks. If you have ever stayed in a cruise cabin you know how space is tight. You know that the walls are magnetic and these little hooks can turn every bit of vertical surface into usable storage. Now I love how strong they are. Although look at this they are so strong. It's even hard to pull them apart. Even if you have them kind of close to each other you notice they just suck together. These actually hold up to 30 pounds vertically which means I can hang hats, swimsuits, lanyards, beach bags, even wet towels without worrying about them sliding down the wall. I've used these on the cabin door. I've used them on bathroom walls even on the ceiling in my cabin to dry things overnight. These are compact and they're easy to pack. I just throw a bunch of them in my cruise bag and I am set. I use these at my home on the refrigerator. I use them in the laundry room and we even use these in our garage to hang certain tools and supplies. These do arrive separate so the base is separate from the hook. You just have to screw them together. When I'm using them on the front of my cruise cabin door I always bring signs and decorations for my door. I'll get it all my magnets placed to get my decorations up. Then I screw this off and I leave it inside my cruise cabin and that way knowing can steal my magnets you cannot pull these off the doors impossible. You either have to open the door and slide them off or at the end of the cruise I just screw this back on and then I can pull them off. These just worked really well for me because they solve so many problems. They help me keep organized when I'm in a small space when I'm cruising. They help organize things in a way that doesn't require any kind of adhesive, any kind of drilling, really just eliminating clutter. So if you are cruising camping or you just need extra hanging options and you do have a magnetic capability these hooks are just a simple and smart solution.