 Hi everybody, welcome to the channel. Hope you're having a great day. Today I wanted to give you a quick look at what comes in this box of Albin garage hangers. Okay, so it essentially comes with quite a bit of stuff. You got two of these very long hangers, two medium sized ones, which I'm about to show you in a minute. Two of these larger J-shaped ones, two smaller J-shaped ones, and then four relatively small ones as you see here. They all have the same mounting points, so the two inside mounting points are meant for harder surfaces like concrete, brick, or wood, and the two outside ones are meant for drywall. What I really like about this set is it actually comes with all the right fasteners. These are the fasteners that you would use for wood or concrete, and these are the fasteners that you would use for drywall, as you can see, those are drywall anchors. It comes with all the screws and everything you'll ever need, and also comes with these really nice straps. These are Velcro straps that I usually use these types of things to hang things like extension cords and hoses and things like that. I like the fact that it comes with two of these, and I'll show you the medium ones now. I installed them. The medium ones are hanging my ramps on this column in the middle of my garage that otherwise goes unused. These are two aluminum ramps, two different widths, but I use the same type of medium hanger that they have. I essentially, so there's a big wood beam inside there, and I anchored it to that wood beam. I used the 5-16-inch drill bit to drill for the anchor, put that in, and then mark the spots, obviously, and that was it. It took about two minutes per, and it's actually quite a nice setup. I'm pretty impressed with this kit, because not only does it come with all the proper mounting hardware, which is becoming harder and harder to find in stuff that you buy from Amazon, but this has a really nice and thick, I would call that probably just over a millimeter thick rubber coating there. That's like some sort of latex rubber thing. It's really, I have to say, it's super nice and sturdy, so I don't see that becoming an issue over time. There's enough of these here that one kit is probably enough for most people, but at the price that I got these for, and I don't like mentioning the prices because sometimes these prices are introductory prices, then they'll go up and down. But at the price that I got these for, they were quite the bargain. So, yeah, I'll leave a link in the description. You can see the price for yourself. And I got to say, I'm very happy with this purchase. Hopefully it just helped you make your purchase decision. If you have any questions or comments, please leave them below. I try to get to all comments and questions pretty quickly. And one last thing before I could go to come with a instruction booklet, which again is becoming harder and harder to find in products that come from Amazon. Of course, these are all Chinese products. So, you know, sometimes the instructions aren't that great, but the instructions on this were actually pretty great. And what I really also really liked is that it does give you the weight rating for all the different mounting surfaces and for all the different units. So, the ones that I installed were the, were the medium U, which is that second row there, and I installed it on wood. And it says that that has a 33 pound, sorry, the focus is not that great here, but it says it has a 33 pound weight limit. So, what should be enough for my use? These ramps are pretty light aluminum. So, I'm happy with that. And, you know, it's got a really nice legend that tells you everything you need to know and then how to mount it to different surfaces. Super happy with this product. Let me know if you have any questions. Thanks for tuning in and see you next time.