 Hey it's Josh welcome back. Today we're going to put together this My Thing Logic Multi-purpose Garage Storage Rack. This was presented to us by the brand and we actually needed it so I was happy to accept it. This should help us get control of all of my sons, soccer balls, baseball bats, you know gloves, all of the different gear that's just strewn all over my garage. I'd love to say that I'm an organizer and that we're well organized but we're not. What I'm going to do in this video is I'm going to put this together but I'm not going to take you through that step by step where it's going to blaze through the setup. I'll tell you how long it took and any problems I had and then we'll get my son out here and we'll load this thing up and see what it looks like. So it looks like it has some really good reviews out on Amazon so I was happy to accept it and it looks like it's a pretty good value so let's get to putting this thing together. So first thing's first let's get it unboxed. Let's see what's in the box here. That was it. All right we got some big bands here. We'll get those cut. brackets, hardware, wheels and everything we need. All right there's basically five steps in the direction so we'll see how quickly that goes. All right we're on the home stretch here. This has been relatively easy. I did get ahead of myself a few times. Have to back a few screws out but one of the things I really like about this is every single screw is the same size. You don't have to figure out which one goes where. The directions are pretty straightforward but I recommend reading ahead. Typical male I'm trying to get it done as fast as possible. So we'll get it finished up here and we'll get my son out here and we'll see how his stuff fits in it. The other option here is you've got the option to do wheels or stationary and so we're probably going to do the wheels. Okay so as I mentioned you can either do flat feet and there's also a place where you can mount this to a wall so to keep it from rocking. We're going to use the casters which they have locking casters here and we're going to do that because we'd like to be able to move them around so we can clean underneath of them but those just spin on real easily and then there was an included little wrench. You can just tighten it down. As you can see at my feet here my son has already started to gather some of his stuff so we're going to get some things together and we're going to load this baby up see what it looks like. So what do you think about a bun? I think it's really cool because when I'm done with soccer I can lay my cleats there or I can lay my soccer balls in there and then once I get back from playing baseball with my friends I can put my batting glove right there. My regular glove and then my baby. Got your bat here. So we got this thing loaded up pretty good and I'm actually quite pleased with the amount of space on it. Like we got a skateboard hanging on there by the wheels. We got room for more stuff. We got soccer. We got lacrosse. We got helmets. About every kind of ball you could imagine there and it rolls. But as I mentioned you can fasten this to the wall. You can make it stationary. Even with the rolling casters they have locks on them so you can keep it from rolling around. But we're going to make it mobile so that we can clean behind it and things like that. And yeah I'm pretty excited about this. We've got a huge mess in our garage to clean up and this is one step in the right direction. So nice product, nice and stable. Very happy with it. Thanks a lot for watching. Have a great day. We'll see you next time.