 Today we're going to put together some overhead garage storage racks that I bought from Costco. I'll put a picture of them in right here. I bought two of them. This is the box that it came with. And there's two of these boxes, one for each. And they're extremely heavy, so I'm curious to see what's in them. This is what it looks like when you take it out of the big box. Two of these, one of these. It just has the edges. Four of the actual racks. And three bags of bolts and screws and anchors and washers and then a bunch of hook. There's also a ton of paperwork. That looks like two of them are actually almost like recalls. And we've got some advertisements, advertisements. And then the actual instruction hook. So this is everything that is in the little box. Again, it was extremely heavy and it makes sense why there's all metal pieces. And I'm realizing in this whole storage rack, there's a lot of pieces. I'm going to have to do this twice. Just to do these steps before actually starting the actual build. So it's just putting these two pieces together. So I'm going to instruct him. You can scan for a video. I'm going to try that out now. You'll be using two lag screws. Starting in one corner, mark the spots in the joist where you'll be attaching the first ceiling bracket. Drill a 3-16-inch pilot hole in each marked spot on the joist. Make sure you're hitting solid wood when drilling the pilot holes. And remember, the pilot holes need to be at least three inches deep. Take the lag screws along with a washer and install them into the pilot holes through the ceiling bracket and into the joist. Make sure each lag screw has at least two inches of penetration or bite depth into each ceiling joist. And adjust each vertical post to your desired length. Next, place the lower section of the vertical posts on the inside of the two post pieces. Make sure that teardrop holes are facing the same direction with the skinny part down. Use two nuts and bolts with washers to secure the post together. I recommend putting one nut and bolt assembly on each face of the vertical posts with one at the top and the other at the bottom. The short sides, the small lip should be on the top so the rivets fit into the teardrop holes. Take the rubber mallet and hammer each side into place so that the rivets are seated into the very bottom of the teardrop holes. When adding the long beams to the vertical posts, line up the 45 degree angle on the small lip to the short beams 45 degree angle. Be careful when hammering in the long beams. The opposite end may become unseated when doing so, but having a help or hold the opposite side helps a lot. If the rivets aren't seating correctly when hammering the beams into place, check to see if your vertical posts are completely vertical or if they're at a slam. Okay, so these need to go next. There's these little rivets that just go into the bottom of each corner. Now, if you got anything other than the four by four, we have to install the stem support. Now that the center bracket is installed, we're going to tighten all the vertical posts to the horizontal. These guys up here, and then we'll install the rear rack. This is something I just noticed. If you have two racks, which I do, I'm going to install another one, then you just double up the horizontal pieces that go up to the ceiling. I thought that was pretty interesting. So I was a little worried when I had to mount these off-center. I wasn't sure that the one over here was going to fit, but I just bought those two up together, and it'll be fine. So there it is, just finished. Be sure to like, subscribe, and comment below. Thanks for watching.