 Hey, Trick and welcome back to my channel. If you follow my channel, you know from time to time I do product reviews, this is going to be a product review. This is on the monkey hook. I don't know if you've seen this before. Somebody brought this to my attention. I'm hanging a lot of stuff in the new modern farmhouse here. I need something that's a little bit more substantial than just regular drop-in anchors. I imagine I'm not going to get a stud from the area I'm going to need to hang. Something right now. I looked these up and found these. There's 15 standard and 15 heavy duty. They're made by UK and it is called the Amazing Monkey Hook. Now there's a bunch of them out there. They're getting knocked off by different companies. But I saw this one and it's called a drywall picture hanger. These will actually handle 15 on this side. I'll handle 25 pounds. And this side over here, there's 15 also that it'll handle 50 pounds. I've actually seen them up to 100. I don't think I need 100 but I think the 25 is going to work fine for what we need. My waypods and rod iron stuff from the resale store that she wants to put on the wall that's going to go with her decor. I'm going to try this out. Now what it says is you just make a hole where the location is that you want to hang your item. Figure out, you know, measure just like you would a picture or whatever where you want to hang and where your hanger is on the back of whatever it is you're hanging up. And you just push it straight in and it looks like you're going to turn it like 180 degrees. And then you push the hook portion in a little bit further. So what it does is it basically goes into the drywall like this and it has a hook. So when you turn it, it turns that hook up like this. Figure this is going through the drywall and then it holds on the back side of the dry wall so that it won't come through on that hook. I believe they're made out of stainless steel, but they're pretty stiff. You might be able to do this with a piece of wire, but I don't know if you bend it just like this. That looks like it might be like a 16th width and overall length of the thing is roughly three and a half inches. Now the larger one, that's really stiff. Almost like a coat hanger. Like I said, it's stainless dough and it doesn't have a lot of spring to it. Now same length, three and a half, but if this one's going to come in just shy of maybe an eighth of an inch. Like I said, I'm going to use this one and this is the raw iron piece that my wife has purchased. You can see that. It'll show up a little bit better probably once I hang it. It's like a candle holder, I guess. We went ahead and made some modification on there to add pin wire in there that actually held it in place and we went ahead and cut those off. Now we're going to keep your rustic like that. So hopefully I can show this without getting in the camera shot. You can see it. You're going to start it down like this. Now I can feel some insulation on this so it'll be interesting how this is going to work. Then you push it in like this. Once you get so far, you start turning your hook so that it goes up underneath and that's it. So you start it in and then you turn it up. That's pretty stiff. So hopefully you saw how I did that. That creates a little hook there in your wall like that. I'm pulling down and pretty good so it's pretty stiff because now that hooks up behind the dry wall up here. Okay, so here comes a real test. Let's see if how this works out. I'm going to say this weighs about maybe 20 pounds. So that's a good amount of weight on there. Now when I notice that sometimes you may have to pull that hook out a little bit depending on what you got. Pull the hook out a little bit because my hole that I drilled in there into the hanger wasn't going in enough so pull that out and I'm going to push the hook right back in. There you go. If you can see that it's hanging center of the wall just like we wanted it to. That's perfect. We're in my way quantity. And I'm pulling down on that thing pretty hard and it's not pulling down at all. Hopefully that's going to hold up to what she wants. Now a quick tip that I do want to point out that when you push this in there is going to be a quarter inch difference here. So you want to add a quarter inch to your measurement and that'll give you your center. If you're as OCD as I am, that'll give you your exact center. If not then you're just going to be a quarter inch lower than what your original measurement was that you wanted. Another quick tip is it's supposed to go into the drive wall and then you rotate it 180 which brings it up into the wall. So in other words you go straight in then you turn it and then you turn it like this 180. Now what happened with me is because we have pretty well insulated walls I couldn't get it to spin in the insulation. So instead I just poke it in and then work it straight up till when we're right behind the back of the wall and it held fine. Just a quick tip. We even use the more heavy duty hooks on bad any mirrors for our bathroom and I put two of them on each one of those and that holds up no problem at all. So it gives you an idea, really easy to put in. That's it. Hey that's subscribe buttons down there in the corner. Please hit it. Please share with your family and friends and over there on YouTube give us a thumbs up and let YouTube know that you like our videos and smash that bell icon that will notify you immediately of whatever videos we have coming out. There's a bunch of videos coming out on the modern farmhouse. Once again everybody please stay healthy and take care.