 Hey Chris here, looking at a nice set of garage hooks from the brand Great Ever, which is just great GRET, EVER, all in word, great ever garage hook set if you're looking for it on Amazon. So this is a 12 pack set. I've had these types of hooks from other brands and they've been great. I really like them. They work very well. I like them much better than kind of the old style garage storage hooks that screw directly in where you had to make sure you're always hitting a stud and you had to sit there and turn them by hand. I just like how these work better. I think they're more applications for these and then I also just you know think that they're just a better look and look nice. So let's check it out. All right so you get the hardware with them too which is nice. So these are your kind of sheet rock anchors and your screws. So you know if you're not hanging up anything too heavy you definitely can just go ahead and use sheet rock anchors. Of course if you're hanging up heavy things you should probably go ahead and try to find a stud and that's what I would do at least. And then here's some other anchors and screws in case you're going into other material. But again when you're going anything if you're hanging things that are heavy go ahead and find a stud or use a stud or use some wood something so that you're in something substantial right. So let's check these out. All right so you've got four of these this size this works great for like a ladder a stool. I'll kind of show you some applications where I have these later. There's actually two of these I already have one hung up. So again I'll show you that application later but these work nice these nice hooks right. And again you have multiple ways of of hanging them I don't think you need to use all four screws typically I use two screws. Okay and there's also a couple more smaller hooks of these there about half the size that I haven't used right now. And I'll show you those. These two again another kind of you know good for a ladder good for like folding chairs you know and then the long version of those kind of same thing. So you know you can use them for lots of different things. I like getting everything off the floor that I can in my garage and a hook system like this and storage system like this works great. So again the brand is great ever. G-R-E-A-T-E-V-E-R and I'll take another video of these actually in use and then I'll split them together. Thanks. Hey there Chris is back and I'll show you some applications for these great ever garage hooks. So again here this shows you the item and I showed you in the unboxing kind of what they look like in real life. And let me show you how I'm using some of them. So I'm actually using some of them kind of as a way to display some cool old tools. So you can see up here these are those smaller hooks and then it shows them that's that kind of larger hook size and there's that smaller hook size. So using them as a way to kind of display some things here's some hooks similar like this shows you another way to kind of utilize these hooks in case you have other applications. I've got another one down there that I typically hang a rubber mallet on and then I wanted to go ahead and show you over here we have you know that little smaller hook and this is a good application for that where it's you know holding up a stool. So lots of different options for these different hooks and again the brand is great ever just G-R-E-A-T-E-V-E-R so check them out on Amazon.