 Hey, what's up guys? Welcome to another episode of Pan the organizer. So today is the one year final update on the real world durability test where I applied 20 different forms of paint protection to a test vehicle that's here behind me. So it's been through the ringer in the past year through four seasons. And so yeah, now it's been washed and we're going to go over basically with my pressure washer to see what kind of hydrophobic properties we have. So water beating and water shading, a visual indicator to see which ones have survived, which ones have failed. And stay tuned all the way till the end because we're also going to be picking winners. So there are going to be some disappointments, some standouts as well, and others that just well did whatever they promised that they would do as far as durability goes. By the way, we use the same car shampoo as usual. So I kept it steady and simple. The Adam's car shampoo. This is a pH neutral car shampoo wax free, no protection additives inside there, just a pure shampoo inside the wash bucket. And so it's been through a few washes throughout the year. I did the entire series on my channel. You can go back and watch the performance over time. By the way, I'll leave links to all of these products in the description under the video for you guys to check them out. So all you have to do is sit back, relax and enjoy the show. And it's over one year actually because right now, if you look here, we are January 25, 2022. And we started this in early January, 2021. So it was quite the adventure, by the way. And thanks to the owner of the vehicle, it's not easy, especially during COVID times and people's busy lives and busy schedules for me to get this back in for these maintenance washes. So I was the only one taking care of this. No other products were applied onto it. No other washes were done, not even an automated car washes. So it was only done by me. And yeah, so this was a real world test in the Canadian winters from here in Montreal. So of course, take it with a grain of salt, because it might not apply to the conditions or the weathering where you live in your country. It's very important to understand these things. And I had many discussions in the past with the real world test video. So go ahead and check that out if you want to have more in-depth information. Also, another quick update, by the way, this is my new weekend warrior t-shirt. You guys went absolutely nuts. I hired a professional graphic artist to do this. And basically, well, it's a weekend warrior, so a person who loves car detailing both like you guys and myself. And there's a bunch of stuff on there. So spray bottles and also a foam cannon, the pressure washer, the wash mitt, the buckets with the suds. You have the pan, the organiser logo in the moon there in the back. So it just looks kind of cool. There were a little shipping delays during the holidays for obvious reasons, but I spoke with a company because you guys absolutely killed it. The orders were going through the roof. So they're stable. They're back again and full force now. So if you want to order this kind of stuff, support the channel or any other t-shirts, long sleeve shirts, hoodies, that kind of stuff. Check out my merch links in the description. So without further ado, we're going to come back at the end, like I said, to talk about the winners, the standouts, that kind of stuff. But let's go ahead and start pressure rinsing each panel. And as you guys remember, I have my trusty charts. These are CAD designs done by your truly pan, the organiser. So basically, which product was applied to which part of the panel so I can kind of get a visual. All right, let's start spraying. All right, guys. So let's dig right into it. So on the first half of this back fender on the passenger side, we have lithium ceramic slam. So let's test that. So you can go and have a look. At this point, obviously now we're way past the one-year mark. So we're not expecting a lot of these spray on products to last. However, this lithium ceramic slam, they promise six to eight months. We can still see that there is a bit of sheeting. There's almost little to no water beating left. But the protection still seems to be there. It's a decent right here. We can see there's still a little bit of pooling. But and slower, of course, on the lower parts of the body. So as you'll notice, the lower parts of the panels on the vehicle sides, those are the ones that take the most grunt right from the road, the most dirt, the most grime, the most attacks from the elements. And to those who are wondering, I really like real world testing because it allows me to see how products will perform in actual real world testing. Outside, this is a daily driven vehicle. It's kept outside seven days a week all year round. And so it's beaten down by the elements, by all the seasons. And that's what I want to see. Now, of course, on the hood, we decided to apply the full-blown ceramic coatings. Why? Because the hood is the place where it gets the least amount of attacks, right? So we already know that the glass bottles ceramic coatings and graphene coatings, those are the ones that traditionally last the longest. So that's why I put them there. We knew that those would survive at least over a year. So what I wanted to see is the spray on products mainly on the side panels to see how they perform. And for those who say, well, obviously the products on the side panels won't last as long. Well, that's the entire point. So if you have, let's say, a product that you apply on your hood and you only do panel testing, right? And not real world testing. Well, it's going to tell you the durability on that panel in that specific weather and climate. However, if you were to apply it on your doors as well, and it would disappear over the months, wouldn't you want to know that? So it kind of defeats the purpose that if it resists on the hood, for example, or on a panel, but if you apply it on the rest of your vehicle and the product disappears on the doors after two or three months, well, you'd want to know that because obviously you'd have to reapply the protection if it's gone, right? So that's why I think the importance of real world testing, well, is that important. So again, imagine you having a product if it lasts on the hood for 12 months, but on your doors, it only lasts for two months, you'd want to know that, right? Because you're obviously going to have to reapply that product at some point if the product is gone on those other panels. So ideally, you do want to see a product that resists quite a bit of time on the entire vehicle, including the sides, the hoods, the top, wherever it is on there. Okay. And I digress. Let's move on. The second half here of the rear offender on the passenger side is the last coat 2.0. So this one here too on the top parts, quick sheeting here. It's pulling up a bit slower sheeting, almost no water beating left, but still this is a five to six months of protection that they claim. And on the side panels, obviously, you're going to have a lot more durability compared to a hood. However, we can still see that this one has outperformed, at least what I thought it would do because five to six months is usually what we see, at least for the parts that get beaten down the most. So here on the upper parts, it's a bit more normal that it resisted, but hey, it still seems to be hanging on there. A bit definitely took a hit though, which is totally normal. Okay. So on the rear passenger side door on the first half of this door, we have technicians choice ceramic detail spray. And no changes here. This one was completely dead way before that. So the water is just, it's still even on top here, still pulling. There is almost no sheeting. There's definitely no water beating. It's just one flat sheet of water. So that failed early on. So in my conditions, the technician's choice was maybe not the the best one, but again, we're going to talk about the individual products at the end, but here we can look at this. The water is still present on the top. So definitely has failed a long time ago. Okay. On the second half, we have Grios Garage Ceramic 3-in-1 wax. So this one here was a surprise because it wasn't supposed to last so long because it was just kind of a quick detail sprayer, or a quick ceramic 3-in-1 wax. And compared to the technician's choice, we can see that the water is sheeting a bit quicker, especially here. Hopefully you guys can see. Before the rest now, I think we can pretty much say it's close to have failed because over here, especially on the lower part, there's almost no protection left. The water is very slow to sheet off. A slow to sheet off, but here, look at this on the upper portion. We can see the water retracting. So over here, very little water beating left. But still, I wouldn't call this fairly dead because look on this side. See the water? It's still fully sheeting. Very, very slow to sheet off on the technician choice side. So it's even still here on the top, but on the Grios Garage side, I mean, this here is almost dry now. And we can tell this line is receding. So I would say this has done fairly well. Again, we're a year and almost a month into this test. So that was quite impressive. Okay, we move on to the passenger side front door. On the first half here, we have the McGuire's hybrid ceramic spray wax five to six months of protection claimed. So on this one, it was pretty weak in the previous results as well. But we can still see this same thing today. So I would say this is also pretty much gone at this point. Yes, you do see some sheeting here and there. But I mean, the water is still very slow to sheet off. And it's quite one big sheet or pooling of water. So yeah, not much left there. However, the good part of this is for maintenance, you can do a spray on the rinse off. And there you go. You top off the protection. But see here, there's some spots where the water is sheeting quicker. But overall, is it there? You guys, let me know by the way, I want to have some comments from you guys. My viewers, drop your comments in the comment section under the video, which was the product that was the most standout to you. Is there one that you're using that is your favorite as well? And would you like me to do a future real world test with a bunch of new products? Let me know which ones we haven't tested yet that you guys are curious to see how long they last or if they're really durable. Drop a comment. Okay, so this one here, we still see the water pooling. So the McGuire's, it's pretty much gone. Well, that was totally expected because they weren't claiming tons of protection on there or as least as far as durability is concerned. By the way, in this test, all we're looking for is durability. So we were only testing for the longevity of the products. We weren't talking really about ease of application, gloss. There's a bunch of different factors for you guys to select products. I have a 2021 card detailing products awards video, by the way, to highlight my top picks in each product category. Go check that out on my channel if you haven't yet. But today, this we're only really looking for durability. Okay, on the second half here of this front door, we have the Turtle Wax Graphene Flex Wax. So the Graphene Flex Wax is doing fairly better at this point. I wasn't even expecting this to last longer because for me in real world testing, 9 to 10 months is what I was getting and I can see here in the bottom definitely it took a big hit. But over here, look at this on top, especially compared to the Maguire side. The Maguire is still very slow to sheet off, but here we still have some beating and there was still some sheeding. So we have the sheeding line here, which is receding and is going still down. So my god, and imagine this, this by the way, there was no maintenance as far as protection toppers added to the vehicle. And I would never recommend that you guys do that by the way. Obviously, when you have some protection, do some form of maintenance, add some form of top, or at least once every two to three months. You can use a drying aid after each wash. You would take care of these products, right? So this is the extreme scenario and because well, no protection was added during that time. So this is only the raw performance of each product. And we can tell here the sheeding is almost done. So overall, and look at that, this is dry now. So good beating on top, no beating here, but still decent sheeding and I would still call it present. My god, after all this time. All right, on the front fender of the passenger side, on the first half, we have the Adams graphene ceramic spray coating. So this is the spray version here. So very good sheeding. We still have some beating. Look at that. And we're almost done. So that sheeted off nicely. I would still say obviously this is not the same thing like the lower parts of the doors, which take a bigger hit. But in this case, I mean, the protection, it's still there. I can't argue with that. The beads aren't round and tight anymore. But again, this has surpassed durability claim because we're over a year and almost a month now. On the second half of this front fender, we have the 303 graphene mano spray coating. So another graphene coating in spray form. And pretty much the same behavior as the Adams, meaning the sheeding is done. We still get beating. However, it's not round and regular as it was right in the beginning. So it's not, well, these are irregular beads. But still, you get some beating. The sheeding was there. So all this section here with the 303, it performed quite well. Another product that promised 10 to 12 months of real world durability. And at least on these fenders, it did quite well in real word testing. This is another one on a full vehicle that would last for me nine to 10 months. Seems to be the average. Don't forget, we have really harsh winters here in Montreal, Canada. If you saw my Instagram post recently, we hit minus 30 degrees Celsius or minus 22 degrees Fahrenheit. And this is just January. We still have February to go. They have tons of road salts on the roads. I mean, it's very bad for paying protection. So I'm glad to see that the majority of them are living up to expectations. So for these, the majority, I would say eight to 10 months of real world, at least in Montreal is what you can expect. If you live in warmer climates and it's not a daily driver that is driven and left outside all the time, you can expect a full year of protection. So they did well. So now we move on to the hood where we had some glass version. So glass bottled either graphene coatings or ceramic coatings. So it was split in four. On the first quarter with the hood, we have the Adams graphene ceramic coating. So this was the regular version. I tested the advanced formula on my channel, which is even better recently. So go check out that video. But this was their first version released over a year ago. So they promised seven years of durability. So so far so good. I mean, water beating is there. You saw how quick the water was to sheet off. I don't notice any real difference. They're doing quite well. The pretty much all the products on the hood should be doing quite well. Because these are multi-year ceramic or graphene coatings right from the glass bottles. In the second quarter, we have CarPro Sequartz UK 3.0, a crowd favorite to one of the best consumer grade ceramic coatings. It won first place for my consumer grade ceramic coating of the year award. So again, same thing here. Very good sheeting. Very good water beating. Perhaps not as round or as tight, but still very nice, very round. So great hydrophobic properties. This one I know I've been testing for years already. So it's easily two years of protection in my condition. So 23 to 24 months. If you live in a gentler climate, maybe you'll get a little more. But again, you're supposed to maintain all of these, right? So you would get definitely better performance if you're maintaining them properly. So we did no chemical decon. We didn't add any toppers, no dryings, nothing. We were just washing it with a pH neutral car shampoo, drying it, and that's it. And it was washed what five or six times now during the year only. So you would maintain that a lot better. But yeah, definitely a hundred percent still there. No, no hit. Ethos graphene matrix coating in the third quarter. So I think I remember this one had turned more into a sheeting product. And we can see that here more than beating. So there's still a little bit of beads, but we can tell definitely the sheeting. It's still there. It's sheeting off quickly. Perhaps not as quick as the sequerch or the atoms, but still very, very good performance. I don't think there's any real hit that's been taken from this. And the protection definitely is still there. So a good job by ethos. They really have some good products as well. Last but not least on the hood, we have G Technic crystal serum light also known as CSL. They claim up to five years of durability for this. So let's see the water behavior. All right. So this is one that I remember that had changed as far as hydrophobic properties are concerned, not as great as they were in the first months. We can definitely tell compared to the other three that the sheeting of the water see this pool here. It is sheeting at a fairly good rate, but not as quickly as I would like. Normally they recommend applying two coats of Exo V4 on top as a topper, because this is only one coat by the way. We applied one layer of every product on this to maintain everything equal. So now the sheeting is done. So definitely it took a hit compared to the other three. It's still there though. I can still see water beating not as round or as tight as the other ones were in the beginning, but the protection definitely still seems to be there. All right guys, so on the driver's side, the front fender, the first half. This is G-On can coat. So a spray on ceramic coating. So very, very good performance. This one here, I think they were promising up to six months of protection. Definitely it is still there at least on days. This is not the doors, obviously, in the lower parts that it that takes usually a bigger hit, but we can still see some beating, not as round or as tight as the beginning, but it's still sheeting. The protection still seems to be there. And we're going to talk about it later on, but they even have a new version of this now. They have their new EVO series. So an evolution of their previous offerings. So they have the can coat EVO. And that one promises 12 months to start off with. And this one here was doing well, and that's the previous version. Next on the second half of the front fender, we have tax system moon light. So this was a liquid form of an SiO2 protection. We can see that tape line still there. So this one too is still hanging on there. Look at that. Very quick sheeting. The beads, again, like the can coat, aren't super round and as tight as they were at the beginning, but it's still sheeting off. And here on the lower parts, just a little bit slower sheeting. But this one too has been a great surprise and I know a fan favorite as well. There are a couple of products that you're going to see that punch higher than their class. And we're very good surprises and definitely that's one of them. On this first half of the driver's side front door, we have Gion Mose. Now Mose was the only ceramic coating in the bunch, by the way, that requires two coats. So it is not recommended, but it is mandatory. We still only applied one layer to be fair to all the others. And we wanted to see basically how one layer performs. And this one here clearly we saw that it needed its two coats because it failed very early on. So don't be surprised. However, we're going to talk about it again. I released a video on their new products for 2022 and they have the Gion Mose EVO. So again, an evolution. And now it's going to last not only longer. So if you apply one layer, it's a one layer system now. You're going to get 36 months of protection and up to 48 months if you apply two coats. But finally, they made it a one layer system and it's not mandatory to have two coats. But this one here, I had failed over a while ago. And it's still like fighting a bit here near the top. But definitely in the bottom, this is not what you'd expect from a ceramic coating. The water is very slow to sheet off and is just pooling. But again, that is because that was the only coating in this test at the time that actually required two coats. So keep that in mind if you have the old formula, don't skimp around, follow the instructions as you're supposed to write. So we didn't follow the instructions specifically because we wanted to see the one coats for everyone. See how one coat performs. But for the Gion Mose, the old version, two coats were mandatory and the new EVO one coat is enough. Okay, on the second half of the front door, we have the OP Care Ceramic Coating. So owners pride care ceramic coating. Okay, another, this is a professional grade ceramic coating only available to authorize installers. So it's definitely still there. The beading though is not as round or as tight as I would like. And the sheeting did take a hit again, especially from this lower part down as you noticed with a bunch of other products. But it is still sheeting, especially if you compare it to other coatings on the door panels. And we're almost done here. And this is dry. So the protection is still there. I still feel that slickness. But the beading could be a bit better and the sheeting could be a bit quicker as well. But again, who knows is there any traffic film or road grime still left? We only watched it, watched the vehicle a few times with a pH neutral car shampoo. So take these results with a grain of salt. But this is what we're observing right now. So the protection, yep, is still there definitely. But it took a hit. We can't lie, right? After a year and about a month. Now on this rear door, on the first half, we have the PNS Inspiration Ceramic Coating. So let's have a look at this. This also turned pretty much into a sheeting product, almost no beading left. The beads are very, very, very small and irregular. There's some pooling happening here once again, lower portions. But it is still fighting. It's still hanging on there. It's supposed to be a coating. If I remember, don't quote me on this, but two to three years of protection. And we're seeing here this sheeting almost done. So it doesn't feel as slick as the OP care side. And that pooling here is still a bit there. So definitely I would have expected a little bit better performance from the hydrophobic properties. But I mean, the protection is still there for sure. And it's almost done. Panel is almost dry. Okay. Now the second half of this rear door is glass perancy graphene coating. So glass perancy. So this one here, very, very good hydrophobic properties still. So very happy to see that. The sheeting is done. We have water beads that are very round and very tight all over the place. Hopefully you can see all of this well on camera. It's a black vehicle. So hopefully you can see this well. But yeah, very, very good hydrophobics. I would say it's definitely still hanging in there very strong. This is another graphene coating that they promise. I think three plus years, three to five years, something like that. I mean, I test so many products. The actual claims of durability. I'm losing my mind. I test so many products. So check the previous videos. I think in the first one, I talk about the claim durability for each one, but definitely glass perancy graphene coating doing very well. I don't see any difference. Maybe a, I would say maybe a 5% hit compared to what we used to see at the beginning. But I mean, look at that. Very tight and round water beads and the sheeting is quick. Okay. So now on this rear portion here of the back, the first half we have NV, car care, Nova series ceramic coating from Australia. And we can still see that tape line there. I love that. Okay. So this one too seems to have turned to a sheeting product. Not a lot of water beads in their irregular. So not super round or super tight. But the sheeting is definitely still happening. There is a bit of pooling. It definitely took a hit though. We can't lie. So it's slower to sheet off, but the protection is still there. It's still slick to the touch and that sheeting is almost done. So if it was on a door, most likely the lower half would be even slower than this. So take it for what it is. But definitely after a year and a month, it did take a hit compared to the initial testing. The sheeting was a lot quicker if I remember correctly. But yeah, the protection is still there is just slower to sheet off. And the last but not least, this is kind of our control now. This was PNS bead maker. We know that bead maker we mainly use as a drying aid especially because it gives great gloss and slickness. But durability is not as strong suit, very poor chemical resistance as well. So this is a product that will last at best two to four weeks. So after the first month, it had already failed. And obviously now you're going to see what a totally failed product looks like. So there is zero water sheeting and zero beading. Look compared to a ceramic coating from the Nova series. See this? This is pooling and sheeting quickly. This one here is just one flat sheet of water. There is zero protection here. It's just one flat sheet, no water beading whatsoever. It's going to take forever to dry. So hence why we don't I don't recommend PNS bead maker as a standalone paint protected. You can apply it on its own if you want or if you do regular application. But it's strong suit is for gloss and slickness and it's a topper that can be applied on top of graphene coating, ceramic coatings, waxes, sealants on everything even on glass, pretty much all the exterior surfaces. And it does a great job. So for regular maintenance and use as a drying aid, that's good. But for long term protection, big no no. Okay guys, so now for the moment you've been waiting for, are there any winners? Are there any standouts, any deceptions? So I'm going to go over these products one by one and let you know kind of my thoughts. Again, first before I start, I want to know your thoughts. Which one was your favorite one of the bunch? Was there one that you were rooting for? Was there one that you have tested that has done maybe differently perhaps for you guys? Let me know your thoughts, your emotions, your opinions, drop a comment in the comment section under this video. I always like to read and reply to your comments. You guys know that. So let's start off with the first one. So lithium ceramic slam, spray on protection, SiO2 based six to eight months of durability. I think it lived up to its claims. I know that in real world testing, I also get six to seven months. So again, these are all in my conditions, right? Montreal, Canada where we have these crazy winters, we have big splits in temperatures as well. We can drop down to the minus 30 Celsius or minus 22 Fahrenheit. And we can go all the way up to plus 30 degrees Celsius. I don't know what that is in Fahrenheit. But basically, there's a huge gap there in those temperatures. So that can wreak havoc. And on this vehicle, well, we saw which ones were a bit more durable. Let me know if it's different in your conditions. I know a lot of my viewers live in the US, especially on the west coast, like in California, with more beautiful weather. Obviously, those products can last a bit longer on your vehicles. Next, we had a four to six months protection, durability claims, the last coat 2.0 SiO2, spray sealant, also known as silica spray sealants. So this one too did quite well. It I think surpassed its expectations in real world conditions on a vehicle. So we're looking now overall with my experience that I had. It is definitely four to six months. So it lives up to its claims. So one disappointment for me, at least in this test, was the ceramic details prey from Technician's Choice. This is the Tech 582. By the way, links to all of these will be dropped in the description under the video for you guys to check them out. Should you want to purchase one of these? By the way, if you do, please use my links. It's at no cost to you. But it also helps support the channel. So ceramic details prey, Tech 582. And also another quick disclaimer. This is not a sponsored video. Nobody paid for this video. So this is just me doing a real world test. And sharing my results with you guys. So yeah, this one here was a disappointment. It just failed really early on. It does apply easily. And this may be more for a maintenance of a coating, but for a standalone paint protection. I know some people in warmer climates have had decent results with this. But at least for my conditions, this was a disappointment. One of the surprises definitely in this test. We have the Grille's Garage Ceramic 3 and 1 Wax. We weren't expecting much because durability claims are actually low from the company as far as this is concerned. But it greatly oversupercited or surpassed my expectations. So it did go for many, many months. A lot better performance than we were expecting once again. Because they don't do much claims on here. If you look at this, like they don't talk about insane durability or so all they say is a bit of SIO 2 technology and UV protection, all that kind of stuff. But I know a lot of you guys also like this. It comes in a 22 ounce bottle. So you get a lot for your money. A great trigger sprayer also. So a nice bottle. The whole nine yards grios makes good products. So this was a standout. I'll leave that in front because this is a standout. One crowd favorite. The McGuire's Hybrid Ceramic spray wax. So this is the blue bottle because they make that in a liquid form as well. But this the blue bottle is the spray form. It's basically a spray on rinse off paint protection. But on this vehicle for the test, we actually applied the first base layer on a dry paint. So that we found through testing that applying the base layer of protection is always best on dry paint. That's how it lasts longest. But you're going to get four to six months of protection on average. At least that's what I get in real life. So it lives up to its expectations. But I mean, mid topping maintenance topping with this is super easy. I mean, it's spray on rinse off and you're good to go. So there's no reason why you shouldn't be maintaining by the way your car protection products always do some form of maintenance. Especially if you're watching my videos. I know you guys love taking care of your cars. So that shouldn't be an issue, right? This year was the most extreme testing not only through the four seasons of the year and the harsh climates, but zero maintenance was done on this vehicle. And I would never recommend that you guys do that. So keep keep keep taking care of your vehicles. Next. So FlexWax. This was the graphene infused FlexWax by TurtleWax. So this is their hybrid solutions pro version. Graphene infused once again, there's a bunch of technologies inside there. It was still hanging on there. If you saw like the top portion at least visually, I can't argue, it was still there on the lower portions of the doors like a lot of others that are only spray versions. It did take a hit. But this is another one where the maintenance is as easy as spray on and rinse off. The value is tremendous. And it's a great performer. So for me, this is what another one of the standouts because I mean, who doesn't like spray on protection? That's easy to apply. But that maintenance as well as included, you can apply this on dry, on wet. There's many ways that you can use this as very versatile. And again, maintenance is spray on, rinse off. So that's pretty simple. Next, we have the Adams Graphene ceramic spray coating. So a graphene ceramic infused, but in spray form, they promise up to 12 months of durability with this. And this one here is still hanging on there. And in real world conditions, I'm also seeing 11 to 12 months. So great job. This is probably another standout, just because of the ease of application. Another one, 303, the graphene nano spray coating, this one here. So it's still going on on the fenders in real world conditions. We're seeing more around the nine to 10 months on this one. So for harsh weather, it's still, I will give it a pass for durability claims because they promise up to 12 months of protection. And in warmer climates, I know you guys have really liked this. The only thing, it's a bit more tacky on removal and doesn't feel as smooth as others. So is it smoother than your normal clear coat that has no protection? Yes, this is smoother than an unprotected car. However, there are some slicker products out there. So overall, it lives up to its durability claims because that's the only thing we're looking for in this one in my books. So it still did well. Graphene ceramic coating by Adams. So this one here is supposed to be a product that will last you up to seven years as far as they're concerned. They have the new advanced version. Again, that I tested on my channel, go check that video out. That one promises up to nine years. It has even more SIO 2 concentration and graphene and the basic raw ingredients compared to this one. But this applied easily. It removed well and the performance is still there. We're still a long ways by the way to know the actual durability on these because for the majority of them, they haven't been out for over a year or two yet. So nobody has had the time to test them for five, six plus years. So we're going to wait on this. Obviously, all the glass bottle products they did super well and one key thing to take away from this is that they're more expensive. The glass bottle versions, they're harder to apply but they will give you better durability compared to spray versions. Spray versions are easier to apply. Much quicker. They cost a lot less. But the compromise you do with that is less durability. So it really depends on your needs, your budget, your experience, what you're expecting out of them. So there's always a trade off. So there's not going to be any standouts for the glass bottle versions because obviously we've only been through a year. But they still all did super well. All these glass bottles did pretty much well except for one I think we're going to get onto that. So CarPro Secorts UK 3.0. This is one first place in my 2021 awards for best consumer grade ceramic coating. It's still doing stellar. It's a staple in the industry. This is a two year of protection. Two years of protection claimed. I hope they're going to release a future maybe four point oversion with four to five years and one layer. That would be very, very good. So the ethos graphene matrix coating. They also have their regular ceramic coating which does very well. But this one too is hanging on there. Turned more into a sheeting product compared to a pure beading product like some others. But I mean still hanging on there. One slight deception for the crystal serum light because I know when I combine this with two layers of exo v4 we get those four to five years of protection hands down. This is a very durable product and the G-technic is known for making great ceramic coatings. But on its own there was a hit that was taken after a year. It's still there though. Still beating, still sheeting. But just not as good as some others in there. So this was a slight disappointment used on its own. But again you would have to use a maintenance a topper coating on this and that's the exo v4. So one other standout product was the can coat from Gian a spray on SiO2 sealant. This here is the new evo version. So I'm out of the old version on the vehicle by the way was the previous version six months of durability that outperformed that. And in real world testing that's what you're going to see too. Six to eight months on average on the entire vehicle especially on the lower panels. And up to a year as you saw or more on panels that aren't affected as much. And now they released this new evo version that is supposed to have a baseline protection of about 12 months. So I'm expecting even more in real life. They did a tremendous job with this great beating. Very good gloss and a durability is tremendous. So that was a standout. Another standout and crowd crowd favorite tax system moonlight you guys noticed by now if you've been following my videos or channels like my friend John Delure. That is the owner of forensic detailing channel in the UK. He loves this and for a good reason. This is a liquid form SiO2 protection. Tax system moonlight. Once again, it surpassed the expectations. It's still definitely present. You can expect six to 12 months of protection in real world conditions on all around the vehicle, including the lower panels. But on the upper portions after a year it's still hanging on there. So another very good one. Previous version of Gion Mose. The reason being why it almost failed. It's still hanging on there a bit. But why it failed overall is because we only applied one layer. And again, you had to it was required to apply two coats. So I want to stress that it's important to follow the instructions. We applied only one layer in this test to keep everything simple and equal. However, it was the only coating that required two coats. And so I didn't perform well. Because with two coats, I was seeing 30 to 36 months easy. So it was a very good one. But now for 2022, they released the Gion Mose version that is EVO. So they have an entire EVO evolution of their entire range of coatings, including can coat and pure and Gion one. But the Gion Mose EVO on its own now. 36 months if you apply only one layer. So you can apply one layer. Thank you. Somebody listened over there. A Gion hopefully my videos and they decided maybe that influenced their decision. Hopefully who knows. I know my viewers have a lot of pull when we drop comments. Brands, they read our comments. But here if you apply two layers, you're going to bump that up to 48 months of protection. But at least even if you only apply one coat, you should get stronger performance. Greater water beating, greater chemical resistance. So they did a great job with their new EVO line of series. OPs ceramic coating. So this one here does it live up to its claims. This is a pro grade only coating and multi multi year of protection. I'm not going to call it quite a disappointment. But for now, I think I was expecting a bit more because the rest of their line, I reviewed on my channel and they're very, very good products. Easy to use. And yeah, they're user friendly. I know a lot of professionals out there like it. This is not the best performing ceramic coating that I have tested though. So we always got to stay honest. So for now, it's still hanging on there. It's still doing okay, but it's average at best. We move on to the double black, Rene Doye collection, inspiration ceramic coating. So it's still hanging on there. It's doing okay. Is it a standout? No, I think PNS. I really like the brand. I like the Brothers Dave Phillips and Bob Phillips, so the chemist and the marketing guru. So they worked together and they come out with great products, even for weekend warriors or professionals out there. They work well. But the inspiration coating, it was okay. I've seen better and you guys have seen better as well in this test. So it's doing okay. Another one that was doing quite well, unsurprisingly, because the durability claims are for many, many years. And I have also been testing this even before it came out. We had a pan, the organizer version of this graphene coating. So it's the glass perancy graphene coating. This one here, again, doing fantastically well, great beating, great cheating. I don't see it really. Maybe it lost four to five percent if at that of performance. But I mean a very, very good one top performer. And so yeah, it's just doing well, even on the lower parts of the doors. It was still hanging on there. The Evo series Nova from NV Carcare in Australia. This one here definitely took a hit. So we can't lie about that, right? It turned more into a sheeting product, which a lot of people like. Sheeding is good because it's going to prevent the water beads from drying and potentially leave mineral deposits behind that can leave water etching. And that can etch through your clear coat or water spots, water stains. So that's good if you have a shater. I think I would have liked a bit quicker sheeting. But a year and a month in harsh conditions, no maintenance and it's still hanging on there. So they did a good job. And last but not least, we have the bead maker by PNS. I think I gave my little rant long enough on this in the video and all the other videos. So no, you don't, I don't recommend this for long term, paint protection, right? That's not what it's designed for. What we use this for in the industry and why we really love it is gloss slickness. That is still one of the kings of gloss and slickness out there, by the way. I made a drying aids video. Go and check that out for my favorite drying aids. And this is still one of them because of that. There are some products that I think are doing a bit better now. So again, watch that video if you're curious. But this is still one of the kings of the industry for gloss and slickness, but only expect two to four weeks of actual real world protection. So you're not going to get great durability out of this. So guys, these are my standouts. Taxi system, Moonlight, Gion can code, evo, the Adams graphene ceramics, break coating, the graphene flex wax by Turtle wax, the grills garage ceramic three and one wax. And this one was very, very close. The last code 2.0 because it was doing quite well. And I mean, for our only four to six months of claim protection, this is fantastic. So what do you guys think? Let me know your winners, your favorite products. And if there's anyone that I haven't tested yet that you absolutely want to see in a real world durability test, drop a comment in the comment section under this video. Again, I'll drop the links to all of these products in that description. Smash the thumbs up button to show me your support. Also share this video with friends and family. That's going to help the algorithm and help the channel continue to grow one of the biggest card detailing channels on YouTube, by the way. Thanks to you guys were over 710,000 subscribers at the moment of this recording in January 2022. And we're getting close to 90 million views. My mind, again, mind boggled. Merch, if you want to support the channel, the weekend warrior teacher and a bunch of other cool gear links in the description. So guys, don't forget also if you haven't done so yet, I'm looking at you there. If you're not subscribed to my channel, take a second, click the subscribe button that's found under this video. And that we all subscribe to my channel and never miss my future videos. Thanks for being there. Thanks for watching and in the meantime, don't forget, keep it tight, keep it clean, and I'll see you on the next one.