 Hey guys welcome back to the channel, I'm Mark and you're watching GasEx. The channel is trying to help you figure out how to build your dream garage. And today we're going to be comparing the new age bold series cabinets versus the new age pro series cabinets. So let's jump right into it. So with you're new to the channel I'd like to thank you for stopping by and please consider hitting the like button and the subscribe button if you like my content. If you're a long time subscriber good to see you again. Now let's jump into what the differences are between the bold and the pro series cabinets. Firstly the bold is the cheaper option, the pro is the more expensive more features option. The bold series has a 24 inch gauge steel construction and the pro series has an 18 gauge steel construction. Both have welded joints and seams. With the max height of 77.25 inches on the bold series and 85.2 inches on the pro series the pro rarely is much bigger. When you're also looking at the amount of volume storage the bold series is 18 inches deep where the pro series has a max of 24 inches deep. Right behind me is actually the pro series 10 piece set. Now for comparison if this was a bold series 10 piece set it would only be 77 cubic feet of storage while the pro series is 122 cubic feet of storage. So yes you get just about double amount of storage in the pro series but it also is double the price. Before we move on with the bold and the pro comparison I want you guys to know that if you go to gastax.com I list all the deals I can find on tools, cabinets, lifts, everything to help build your dream gouge. So be sure to check out the website later so you can find some deals and help you save some money. Both have options to come with either stainless steel or a bamboo countertop but on the bold series the countertop is 1 inch on the pro series it's 1 1 1 1 1 1 1 1 1. Now let's jump into talking about the cabinets. On the bold series you can only adjust the shelving in 8 inch increments and each shelf can hold 150 pounds. On the pro series you can adjust the shelves in 1 inch increments and the weight is doubled to 300 pounds per shelf. When looking at the construction difference between the bold and the pro series the bold series is a single panel wall construction where the pro series is a double panel wall construction. The pro series has soft closed hinges. I also have independent reviews of both the bold and the pro series cabinets so be sure to check those out. I also have installation videos of the bold and the pro. One thing to keep in mind is I do believe you can install the bold series with one person. You definitely can't install the pro series with one person. Now let's talk about some things they both come with. Well firstly they both come with the same limited lifetime warranty as long as you don't modify the cabinets. They both have lockable doors and drawers. They both have the same scratch resistant powder coating. They both come with adjustable feet for adjusting the level of the cabinets and they also both can be warm mounted, floor mounted or stacked on top of each other. Now hopefully with all that information you can figure out if the bold series or the pro series cabinets will work for you. But here's some things to keep in mind. If you're working with a smaller or shorter garage I would recommend going with the bold series. If you're fortunate enough to have a big garage and some extra cash hands down I would recommend the pro series. Both are great options. Clearly I have both of them and I love both of them. But I think the biggest difference is the physical size of them. So thanks a lot for tuning in. Be sure to like and subscribe if you found this information helpful and until next time I'll see you then.