 Today we're going to be testing five commonly used drywall anchors and one top secret one to see if they can live up to manufacturer's specs or if they're going to fail. The first one we will try is your basic drywall anchor, rated at 29 pounds. As we can see the drywall anchor expands a little bit and that expansion is really all there is that stops it from pulling out of the drywall. So good thing this is only rated for 29 pounds. I'm going to start by gently placing 25 pounds on here to see if it can hold that. I should really be in steel toes today. So it appears to be handling that no problem. Let's add a little more on here. So at 30 pounds it should still be fine because it was rated for 29. No problem at 30 whatsoever. Let's go to 35. It looks like it's starting to fail. So you can see that light there is starting to pull out of the wall and that technically is failing because it's only a matter of time before it actually falls. 25 or 50 pounds now. It hasn't ripped out of the wall but it is definitely pulling straight down. Okay 60 pounds. Friction is an amazing thing. That's all that's holding it right now. So this would not be safe. It is obviously failed but it's still not falling out. 80 pounds. Finally at 80 pounds it falls down. So these ones absolutely passed the test. Next we are going to be moving on to the spiral guys. So these ones are rated at 63 pounds and we will start right away at 60 pounds. Okay it's holding it. Even though I want to go at 10 pound increments we are going to do 5 because I wouldn't want you guys to say it failed at 70 not 65 but I'd say it's lived up to its spec at this point. It's 65 pounds. The spiral guy is holding up just fine. That is not failing. This is 75 pounds rated at 63. It's a little sus but it's still holding. 80 pounds. It's technically failing. It's still in the wall but that's enough for me to consider it failing now. So 15 pounds above it has started to fail. 95 pounds. Okay so it took an extra 30 pounds to get your regular corkscrew anchor to fail. Not too bad actually. Okay next we've got these ones which I really don't like. It says on the package that you just hammer these in but that just blows out the backside. That is not how it looks on the package. I'm going to use my discretion and drill it through because I know it will do a better job. Oh man. So I tried doing it by pre drilling it but it hasn't been working out. In fact I haven't gotten one of these to work yet. Okay so that was a struggle as you can see by all the holes to the right of me. I'm actually scared to even let this go with my feet anywhere near it. Okay we'll go up to 85 which is all these claim to be able to hold. Okay yeah technically it's doing 85 but I wouldn't use it to hang something over my bed. 90 pounds. Okay 100 pounds. So yeah so far these have been the worst performing ones in terms of actually going over their limit. It barely did its job up to spec and I wouldn't trust it to actually hold what it was holding up to spec. I think it would rip out over time but they also suck to install as you can see. A lot of them were failing on me so yeah I don't like these ones at all. There's way better options. Next we have toggle bolts rated up to 95 pounds. I really like toggle bolts. We can easily start with just 245s here. One two hmm I don't know. Don't really like that too much but let's keep going. It is holding. This definitely isn't going to rip through the wall. I just don't really like it but now let's really put it to the test. So we got 90 out of 100 pounds. It's still holding. It's sturdy. Let's go straight up to 20 pounds heavier. Then it's recommended weight. It's pretty solid. Okay 35 pounds. Not bad. 135. It's slumped down but if you were using something that maybe had like a plywood backer or if you used two of the actual toggle bolts this would probably be staying put and not be starting to slope like that. So technically it's failed but in terms of actually holding something up and not letting it come out of the wall it's doing a really good job. Okay let's put it up to 150. Yeah 160. It's still not failing. Oh that one was more exciting. But yeah it takes a lot more drywall with it too. That was really good. I believe in the power of toggle bolts. Okay zip toggle. Haven't tried these ones for a while. They're a nice and sturdy. It's the same general concept but with a better design. Okay we will go straight away with 100 pounds. Well hopefully this cord can actually hold these weights. I think that's going to fail. Whew! Nope good. So I have faith in this one and I'm going to go straight to 25 pounds. I think this one's actually quite strong. Awesome. No problem. Okay. No problem. I love it when a product performs way better than it advertises. So yeah zip toggles. Real good. It's still good. I'm telling you this is a good product. Again still showing no signs of failing and I'm running out of space on my hook. Let's just add another 25 shall we? Okay I don't even know we're at here. We're so far above its limit. 15 pounds more. Running out of space on that hook. Can you just fail already? Okay another 35 pounds on top of what is already so far past its limit and it's pulling it out sideways too which is like extra weight. Okay this one's going to do it. This one's going to do it. Oh my god. 200. This made it up to 200 pounds. Almost double its expected weight. Before we added 35 more pounds just to get it over with. So that is very impressive when something performs more than double. It's actual expected performance. Okay these next ones got sent to me like three years ago and I just didn't have the right time and opportunity to actually use them for anything. So I'm really sorry to the dude who sent them. I feel like his name was Gary. I have no idea. It's been way too long. G-fix. The ultimate wall cavity fixing. So yeah let's see how strong these ones are. Wow yeah it's going to be strong. This thing's intense. You need something big to cover it though that's the only downside. Look at that holding power on the back. That's crazy. So I didn't even see an actual weight rating on that so we're going to be finding this one out by ourselves. I'm guessing that we can just start with a hundred pounds right off the bat. Yeah easy no problem. So 135 next. Yeah 135 easy peasy. 170 next. Okay it's showing signs of strain but it's holding 170 pretty well. If you can see the screw is angled down. I'd say it's kind of close to maxed out at 170. We're going to go to 200 next. I put some safety glasses on because I feel like what could happen is the screw could rip out and go flying and that would be uncomfortable. Okay 200 pounds and holding. That's pretty good. Good job Gary from G-fix. Scared of this thing right now. 225. With more weight comes a lot more sketchiness here. 225. It's going to go. That's going to go for sure. I heard it totally collapse at the back. I don't even know how I can get anything more on here but to just like put it on it. I'm just going to tuck this one in there. 230. 235. Oh it's going to go. I hear it. No I'm scared to even put my hands there. That thing's going to rip out with so much force. Okay I'm letting go. Oh man. Like it's going. It's totally pulling through the wall but it's just a matter of time until it actually goes. Okay there it goes. Just go already. That was pretty good. Okay so Gary from G-fix. Yeah years win definitely. Those zip ones were pretty darn good but these ones did win. So I'd say those are easily rated for 150 pounds each. If you used four of them well spaced with maybe like a plywood backer to hang you could hang some pretty heavy things off that. Easily those are 150 each for sure. But yeah that was fun to see where things failed. Almost everything went well past what the manufacturers expect except for those dumb little metal ones that are supposed to expand inside the wall. If you want a whole bunch of holes in your wall and to possibly not have what you're hanging stay on the wall use those dumb metal ones. I'm sure some of you guys love them but yeah I found those to be the most frustrating by far. It was really interesting to see how everything held up but that's about all I have to say you guys. So yeah I hope you enjoyed this video. Now you have some good idea as to what anchors are worth using. What aren't I want to say thanks for watching. Hope your projects are going well but I hope you're doing even better. Till the next one.