 Today we're going to look at some fixings. Some of the most common fixings around, not all fixings of course because we don't have the time. But we've got wall grabs which require no drilling. We have everyone's favourite wall mates although these are a generic brand just got to pick them up on eBay. We have heat anchors which are a big favourite of a lot of people, not my personal favourite. We'll see how they go. None of these universal anchors by Ram set. Never used those before. That's going to be a lot of fun. Ram toggles. A lot of people swear by these. I'm not a big fan but we'll see how they go. One of my favourites, the old spring toggle and classic Jesus fixing which will get you out of a bind if you're in the ship. Ok first we're going to start off with these little wall grabs. Pretty straight forward. Just drill them in and see what happens. We'll start out with five kilos. Four kilos. Three kilos. Alright so we put in 12 kilos before it gave up but to be fair it did give up 12 kilos. We can say no then. I think we can say no then. Next up we have the wall mate. Five kilos. All more kilos. Three kilos. Now I'm feeling confident they say these are the whole 20. So I'll put in another five and give us a ton of 16. 17. Seven kilos. Didn't really go the distance. The next one is the hit plug. I don't have hit pliers but I'm pretty sure we can just do them up with the screwdriver anyway. So we'll start with a pallet hole. Slip that sucker in. Now a lot of people think these are fantastic so I'm going to start off with five kilos. We should be able to hold easily what the wall mate did. Five kilos. Another one that's 10 with another four to make 14. Another three. Another three that will put us right on 20. I can hear that. So make 21. I can hear it. Another two kilos and make 25. Another two to make 27. Three to make 30. Alright so it failed at 30. So we're going to call that 27. But to be fair it was making a lot of crackling noises long before. We were making crackling noises at about 12 kilos. So it wouldn't have lasted long. Next the RAM set universal anchor. Not expensive little suckers these but apparently they're good. We'll soon find out. So with five kilos. Three more makes eight kilos. Three more makes 11. Another two. Another two kilos and two more makes 15. Another three makes 18. Another three makes 21. Just going to try another four to make 25 kilos. It actually sounds pretty good. Like 29. I was just trying to warn you the tip right was bending. Alright so I think we can safely say 25. Next we have RAM toggle. That one makes shit funny you know. How are we looking up top? That's an excellent question. No we're looking shit. So this is why I'm not a big fan of these. They're great when they work. But they're shit when they don't. So let's run with the put them in shit to start with. And then we'll take it from there. Five kilos. Then another five makes 10. Let's go for another three kilos. And another three kilos. Another three kilos. Another three kilos. What are we up to? We're up to six and nineteen. This will make 22. We might have another go at that and see if we can put it in correctly. Although in the real world you're not going to be able to see the back of it anyway. Let's have a second attempt at the Watt RAM toggle. Let's have a look and see what it looks like on top. Clearly I need a longer screw. Now another one of my personal favorites the spring toggle. Easy to use and effective. One of the things I like about the spring toggle is that you can just attach it to whatever it is that you're fixing. And then when you're ready just push it into the ceiling space. And that's it. It also gives you a little bit of lateral movement. And it's easy to get out except your sacrifice. So we'll go five kilos. I'm still feeling confident. So we'll put in another five kilos. Plus another four makes fourteen. Another four makes eighteen. Another three makes twenty one. Another three makes twenty four. Another three makes twenty seven. Another three makes thirty. Another two makes thirty two. Another two makes thirty four. Another one and a half makes thirty five and a half. Another one and a half makes thirty seven. Let's call it thirty five. For Jesus fixing it's made simply by punching a little divot in a bit of hoop iron or something. Any bit of sheet metal will do the job. We're gonna screw through it. Snip that off. There we have the Jesus fixing. For the Jesus fixing you need to cut across. There we go. Let's start with five kilos. Another four makes nine kilos. Another three makes twelve kilos. Another three makes fifteen kilos. Another three makes eighteen kilos. Another three makes twenty one kilos. Another two makes twenty three kilos. Another two makes twenty five kilos. Let's go. Another four for twenty nine kilos. I think we can say we're happy with twenty five kilos. Jesus, look at the size of the hole. After trying out all these fixings I think it's fair to say that the one that did the poorest job would have been exactly as you'd expect the wall grab. But to be fair it's not meant to hold heavy loads. The wall mate, the old classic wall mate surprised me. I would have expected it would hold more than it did. The hits were pretty well as expected. I think I don't like about the wall mates and also the hits for that matter. The universals and also the ram toggles. They all sit proud a little bit. So if you need to fit exactly flush then they're just not going to cut it. The universals anchor was a very much a surprise at how much they held. Although when we screwed it up we discovered that you can't really tell what's going on behind the scenes. So when we first screwed it up we thought it was done up but it wasn't. I don't know how you just need to do them tight. The ram toggle we had serious problems with. They're probably really good at holding a heavy load but installing them is an art form. I've seen people install these one after the other after the other and they worked fantastic but for me it just didn't happen on the day. The most serious of all one of my old favourites was the spring toggle. Even there even though I've used them many times before and been happy with them. I had a fair idea what they were going to hold. I was still surprised at how much they held. They would be the stand out of the day. Also the Jesus fixing who would have thought such a simple concept to get you out of trouble. Pain in the ass because you need to cut across and but they're a very effective fit in. One that we didn't test was this. Some people call them anchor plugs. I've used thousands of them. They are very easy to use and very effective provided you have the right screw for the job. There are two start screws and there are single start screws and the different sizes. If you have the right one they're great. However, I have discovered and I've stopped using them over time because my experience has been that when I go back to jobs that are 10 years old these things have given up. They're great the day that you install them. So if you're installing them in a position where you don't care what happens after you leave then they're great. But if you want the equipment that you're fixing to still be there in 10, 20 years don't use anything plastic as my advice.