 In today's video we're going to test the 3-hand command stroke, actually large command hook. It says it can hold up to 10 pounds. It has been used to hold stepstools, ironing barns, hanging organizers, spray bottles, and people have even used them to hang their curtains on the wall. We're going to test that out in a whole lot more. There will be time stands below if you want to skip around, but first off let's start with the most important thing, the instructions. First thing you're going to want to do is always turn it around and read the instructions on the back how to do this. So now you're going to take out your hook and the command stroke. Now the red side of these will go on the actual object. So in this case it's going to go on the hook itself. Now the black part even tells you this part will go towards the wall. So if you ever get confused this will tell you black is towards wall, red is towards your command. Now one thing I want to point out is I particularly don't like these actual command strokes. I actually prefer these ones that have that little meshing to it. I just feel like it locks in a whole lot better, but this is what it came with. So we're going to separate them and we're going to put them on the back of this. And you want to make sure when you are putting the command strips on here, you want these tabs to stay under this plastic part. And I'll show you later in the video. This will make sure that if you ever remove this that you have enough tab at the bottom to be able to peel this off correctly without ripping it off your wall. So we're going to go ahead and place this on here and straight as we can. Now let's go find a place in the wall and put it on there. Now we're going to go and peel off the back which has the black lettering on it. So you know this part is going to go towards the wall. We're going to peel this off. We're going to press this on the wall once you figure out where you want to hang your stuff at. I'm going to put this right here because we're going to end up hanging an ironing board stuff on it. Make sure you put some pressure on it and try and get it straight. So it's on here. Now what you're going to do is you're going to press up and pull off this actual hook to it and then we're going to hold this down for another 30 seconds just to make sure that the command strips are really, really stuck to the wall that really hears through your wall. And also just imagine you see how the bottom right here of the hook plastic we have the tab hanging out so we can if we decide to remove this we'll pull this down. It'll come right off the wall. Now we have to let this sit for one hour and we'll come back. So we've let this sit for an hour to make sure that everything is secure. We have the ironing board. Now what I'm going to do is use this little hook right here to mount this on the extra large command hook and see if it holds. Okay so it's on there. I'm going to wait about five or ten minutes. Make sure it doesn't fall. We're going to test more things with the command hook and we'll come back. Make sure this is still hanging. I wanted to come back to the ironing board and show you that it's still hanging on there tough and it's hard to see but the bar right here in our ironing board and the hook there is a lot of space to it. So I do like that this is pretty wide. Did you have a pretty big gap to it so you can use it for kind of stuff. Ironing board, next stepping stool. So I'm glad the three in command strips started that. So now let's go ahead and get to the stepping stool. So here's the stepping stool that I have. I do see one issue and that is right here with this big thick grip. I don't think that the command hook is going to be able to wrap around this. So there's going to be two options. I bought the two pack which I can probably hang on both sides but if you only bought one you're going to have to remove this rubber piece trying to slide it over or get both hooks. So we're going to see what we can do right now to get it to hook on the one. So you can see right here that the rubber is too thick to hang on here. It's still hanging. How long what last? It's kind of iffy. This particular one it's kind of hard to move the rubber. But again if you can't move the rubber you can get to because if you set it right on here it will fit without the rubber grip. I have it to the side right now as you can see it just kind of hanging here sideways but let's go ahead and leave it for a while and come back and see if it just holds up or falls off the wall. It held up the whole time just like this. I even came back and changed it and put it right here in the middle with the rubber grip and it held up. I was getting ready to go and put this away and realize that there is a bar right here at the bottom and this will work to hang it upside down. So if you do have a grip on the top of your step stool but you have this bar at the bottom you just flip it over and it will hang. I read a lot of people use XLR 3M command strip hook to hold like water bottles, spray bottles, household objects like that. So we're going to go ahead and test out some of these and see if they really hold up. Again this works really well in small places if you don't have any cabinet space and you need to put stuff on the walls without ruining your paint. So let's go ahead and try out some of these spray bottles that I got. Some of the reviews I read about the 3M command strip actual large hook is that it can hold spray bottles just like this. So I grabbed three different kinds. They all have different kind of spray handle sizes on it. It's a little bit longer. I'm gonna put it on here and see if they hold up. So we'll go ahead and start with this one. So this one holds really well and I'm thinking it because this one has the longest trigger on it. So let's go ahead and see this one looks like it has the smallest one on it and okay it holds on there. This one also has a small trigger on it as well but we will go ahead and see. So all three of them hold so it looks like you can put your spray bottles up here if you live in a small place like an apartment or anything like that. This will definitely work if you want to hold a lot of your spray bottles and stuff like that without fear of them falling down because this will hold up to 10 pounds and this is more like two. Wow I'm actually surprised that it held all three of these really nicely. Now let's go ahead and hang some detergent balls. Everybody does laundry and let's see if we can get these to hang as well. I'm gonna attempt to go and hang these on here but I think we're gonna have issues on how far the handle sticks in compared to more flush to the wall but we'll give it a go. That's gonna be a no. It's not flush enough so it's not gonna work for this and I thought while we would try a different shaped bottle this is like a little detergent and oh wow look at that it actually holds wow. So this is a little more flush I guess to the to the bottle and the wall so this will work on different kind of bottle sizes you're just gonna have to find the one that actually will hold it. Three in products are really good about their products being really made for small areas if you live in an apartment or anywhere where it's kind of tiny you don't have a whole lot of room. These come in handy to store things just like this if you don't have cabinets. So we figured out some type of detergent bottles or big bottles will work. It kind of depends is it worth buying the bottle just to see if it fits. No but if you already have it there and you want to say room and hang it there then you can go ahead and try it and see if that works out. I wanted to see if you could use this for things not only inside your house but let's say like in your garage. So I grabbed this four foot ladder and as you can see I hung it up on the wall on one of the wrong it hangs up really nice it holds really well. I don't exactly know the weight but you can definitely hold a four foot ladder with this. If you get a six foot I think it'll hang just not really too sure on the weight on that so you would definitely check that before you would hang that on your wall. Also I have just a hands-on lane around but I thought hey if this can hold it I can put this on the wall. So you can see I go ahead and put it on there there's plenty of room between the saw and the hook. So this is actually gonna go really well I'm gonna hang this in my garage. I have a four foot level that's just kind of been sitting in the corner of my garage so I thought this might be good. So as you can see I put it on the wall it fits really good. There you go you can see that it does work so this hook will also go to hang the level in my garage. Now there's a lot of other things that you can try but if you ever wonder can you use this inside your garage? Yes you can let me know if you've used this in the garage in the comments below. One of the most common reviews I saw is people use this to hold curtain rods and I just want to say right off the bat do that at your own risk. I'm gonna test it right now just because of how many people say it works but again this is by your own means all the liability relies on you so let's go ahead and see how this works. So I'm gonna take the curtain rod and I'm gonna hang it on the three in command hooks and we're gonna leave it up here for about a week and in the meantime while I'm doing that I'm gonna open and close it just like this and see if it'll hold up for at least a week and it is fitting so far as you can see right here they are fitting in the hooks even with the little things at the end. We'll come back in a week and see how this held up. Now I had these up for a week now every morning when I do is when I wake up I open up the curtains and then when I go to bed I close the curtains. I do just kind of casually whenever I walk past them kind of do a little tug test to kind of see if it will fall. It's been up there the entire week has not fallen it's holding up there really well so these extra large 3M command hooks they can do a lot of different things they're really versatile so if you have heavier stuff that you want to hang up on them to hold I recommend these. So using these extra large 3M command hooks to hold up curtains it does work. To me it's a temporary thing like if you're living in apartment complex and you cannot put no nails or anything I can see this. Open it and closing it I don't know if you're gonna do that quite often but does it hold them yes it does is it safe again that is up to you but it does work. So as you can see the extra large 3M command hook works really well. If there's other 3M command products that you'd like to see me interview go ahead and put that in the comment section below and I'm gonna take a look and I'll review some of those. Also check out this playlist of 3M command products that I've already reviewed and if you've ever wondered how to properly install 3M command strips definitely gonna want to check out this video. Thank you guys so much tuning in make sure you smash that like button and subscribe check all the links down below thank you again for tuning in and I'll see you on the next one peace.