 Hello, welcome back to KG Some Reviews. Today I'm going to be reviewing this broom and mop holder. This is the perfect storage solution for what we are looking for. We're looking to pull things off of the sides of closets and just have them in an organized space that they're not going to fall over and just miss out the rest of the closet. And I think this is going to be so perfect for that. Okay, this is everything that it comes with. It comes with the actual mop and broom holder right here and it comes with two different fastening options as well as a little instruction manual. It has instructions for two different ways of installing it, both installing it with each screws and fastening it to the wall that way or using this adhesive strip. So I really like that it has some nice colored pictures just so you don't even have to question how to install them. I just want to show you the actual products here up close. So these are where you're going to put the things with a tall handle for example, a broom or a mop or a if you're having this in your garage, if you want to hang your rake or shovel or anything like that. It just has these nice rotating rubber pieces that are going to grip on to whatever you put in here. But then it's also going to stop it before it gets to the wall with this little stopper which is really nice. I like that this also has hooks just for items that maybe don't have a large enough handle to be in here. For example, we have some dusters. This would be perfect to hang on those. I just want to note how durable this is. I can't even bend this if I tried. This is very, very strong. So it's going to be perfect if you're using it for garage tools, for heavy duty things as well as just lightweight things like brooms and things that we are probably going to use them for. So this has five holders like this with the rotating part and then it has four of these hooks. And then you can see that this has three different mounting holes right here. I do really like when a piece of equipment does come with all of the things that you're going to need in it. You can see this has the screws, the anchors and then a cap just depending on how you're going to install it. I'm going to go ahead and install this. I'm going to show you what it looks like and I'm going to show you how I'm going to use this. Okay, I'm in the little utility closet. I have the perfect place for this broom and mop holder. This is going to be very, very useful here. So I already pre-drilled these three holes and put the anchors in here. And all I did was just line this up. This middle one is a little bit off center so it's definitely good to mark this exactly where you want it. So now that I have this already, I'm just going to hold this up here. And you can use anything to screw these in. I'm going to use this electric screwdriver. I have this little plastic piece underneath the screw just decoratively so that you could put the black cap on the top over it. You'll see when I'm done. So I'm just going to put this into place and screw it in. Okay, go. So now I'm just going to put these little caps on. This is more just for decorative. Okay, so there we go. The installation was super easy. I feel like this looks really nice. This is going to be perfect for what I'm going to use it for. I'm going to go ahead and get a couple of different things that I'm going to use this for. Overall, I feel like this is going to be so useful for our utility closet. As you could see, you can hang things that have handles like brooms, shovels, mops, anything like that. You can hang in these slots right here. Anything that doesn't fit in those or if you have more than this amount of slots, you could definitely hang them on these hooks here and that works really nicely as well. Also, if you have other items like scissors or tape or a duster or something like that, these would be perfect for these little hooks. Overall, super useful, super easy to assemble. I love how sturdy this is and how it looks. I'm going to go ahead and put a link in the description down below so you can go check this one out yourself. If you found this to be useful, please give this video a thumbs up and follow us for more. Thanks for watching. Bye.