 So you come here in this video and you say TRZ. What do I do? What storage organization tool hanging system should I use? I've done use the pegboards. I've done use all those other fancy ones, which one would you recommend? Today, I'm Tanya. Whether you're a homeowner or a shop owner, I'm Tanya. I found a system really, really cool, so cool. I don't think there's anything that I've ever tried that is so good. So let's talk about that today. Let's talk about what tool organization system for your garage or your shop or whatever, could really, really help you out in organizing your shop, tools, your power tools, all that good stuff. Let's get the video going. What's up, everybody? My name is Clint. Welcome to the Tool Reviews on Channel. I appreciate you being a subscriber and submission at like button of this video helps in any sort of way. Now today, I'm Tanya. We already looked at this in a previous video. We were able to go down to Anderson, South Carolina, and look at this stuff, hands on the Ryobi Link system before anybody else had the opportunity to see it. Now, during that video, I told you I was impressed with how well this stuff was actually made for your tool organizational needs. But now I was able to hang this in my own garage and right off the bat, I'm just gonna show you what it took to put this thing up and get it ready to go and start organizing it. Let me show you. All right, so before I got started, I was like, oh, here we go. This thing's gonna be a nightmare. I didn't really wanna do it, but I loved what up my first piece, and then really, it was so simple. Start taking these things out of box, yeah. You can buy different kits, but these are the rails for the honeycomb, the system, the hanging brackets, and they just basically line up together once you get that first one level. And it just goes, I mean, it is super fast. You throw in a few screws. Everything is super, super easy to do. If you're a wall, you know, your studs 16 on center, I'm telling you, each one will line up. You do not need a stud finder. Other than the first screw, I mean, that was it. I mean, it literally only took me maybe 15 minutes to hang that entire system. Now, once you got the honeycombs off, right? Then you can basically decide where you wanna put everything. You can put your link storage systems on there. You can put whatever you want, wherever you want. You can buy every single hook, nook, cranny, whatever. The shelving systems, they go on so simple. Look, you just put it on and it slides down behind that honeycomb, and it just stays there. No screwing that stuff in. You don't have to worry about finding the studs again. It just goes right into the system. And it stays secure. Here's a shelf. Again, I'll show you a little bit later in this video, what you can do with that. But check out these brackets or the hooks. These are the hooks. Look how easy it is. They slide in. They don't go anywhere. Now, here's the cool thing about this. If you wanted to buy those hooks separately, you didn't want a honeycomb system. You can buy the hooks. They come with the hardware, the screws. You can hang it right into a stud. You don't need the honeycomb system. That's what I'm calling the honeycomb system. Check that out. I'm putting them everywhere. Look how easy that installs and put all my extra hooks right now. Listen, I got way too many hooks. This is basically just to show you what you can get. They got a hook for freaking everything. And those bins, I'll talk about those bins, all their shelves and what you can do with those. All right, so right off the bat, after I hung that or while I was hanging, I said to myself, this is probably the most heavy duty system and probably the easiest system that I've ever used to organize tools on a wall. It is fantastic. Everything lined up perfectly. What was nice about, like I mentioned earlier, once you find your stud, if your contractor did it right, that's 16 on center, listen. This thing, you just throw the screws in and you're on stud every single time. It holds at a wall amazingly. Now, you can see behind me right now, I got all different kind of hooks, way too many hooks, but this is just sort of showing you what you can end up getting with this system. You want to hang your outdoor power equipment, your chain saws, your lawn mowers. You can use these, your bikes. You can use this to hang a bike. My favorite thing right now is the drills, impact drivers, you hang them up right here. This is all metal. It's not plastic. It's metal, it's a sheet metal. It's stamp. It's actually built real nicely. Now, up on top right here, you got the storage system. You can put stuff on top. You got your battery chargers or other tools you want to put up there. Go ahead and put it up there. It's real nice, like, and you also got the screw, well, basically your screwdriver holders. You can put all different screw drivers right here, different sizes larger, smaller. It is so cool. Each bin, four, different slots. You can fit two drills into each one. So I can take this right here, put that right here, and then I got two, I got two in there. Not one, two. Probably be easier to do it like that right now. So the coolest thing I think right here, and it's so easy to do, so you got that Ryobi Link system, so you got the Honeycomb design. You just match it up, if you'd have won on the back of the wall, just push that button and it slides right on and closes it down. It doesn't go nowhere. Look at it, look at it. And yes, you can open up the lid if you wanted to with this thing hanging. Check out the hooks. These are super, super easy. Usually on your pegboards, you know, you got to put those little fish hooks in and they just kind of fall off and they just get all over the place. This right here, super, super easy to do. You basically have a couple teeth right here and you take it and you put it down in and it just clamps in. 50 pounds of pressure that you could put on this or 50 pounds, you could hang on this and it's not going anywhere. You also got that sweet, sweet shelf right here where I got all the different hooks in each one of these hooks. They hang 50 pounds. Again, screwdriver hooks. There's so many different types over here that it is just really, really cool. And of course, it's like I showed you you got the storage bins, you got the divider right here in the middle, I lost that one. Don't know where it went, but you put screws, you could put smaller things like bolts, nuts, all that good stuff right now. You don't have to worry about them. The system itself, man, it is a solid, solid build. I mean, it is thick, heavy, plastic. It's not, when I say heavy, I mean heavy duty. I don't mean like heavy. Things are super light, but they go in so well together and you just add more and more and more and screw them into the wall and they just got so much weight that you can put on these things. It is just such a well designed system. Now, you don't have to put these on here like either. You can space them out, you can do different designs, you can, you know, do whatever you want with them. But this is the way I like it. I'm gonna add more down here. And I'll tell you what, man, listen, there's a lot of green on here. If you don't like green, this is what I would say. Say you're in a different platform, paint it red, paint it yellow, do whatever you wanna do. You don't have to keep it green, but it is what it is. This is a nice, freaking system. Now, I will tell you, it's not the cheapest system. You know, you go with the pegboard, it's a lot cheaper. That said, you get what you pay for. I say buy ones, cry ones. I will never use another system again with this. This is fantastic. Here's even another cool thing down here underneath here. You got hooks, you can hang things like basketballs, volleyballs, whatever, baseballs. You can hang them right here. Listen, not everything, Ryovi not Ryovi does is a home run. This, I'm telling you, I'm telling you, just try it. If you don't like it, I don't know what to tell you. I mean, yes, it is more expensive. It is definitely more expensive than your conventional pegboard systems, but this right here is a very well thought. I'm very excited about this. Even these right here, you don't have to screw those in. They just go down over to Honeycomb like I showed you. Right there, everything is just so easy to use. Oh yeah, just a quick FYI. If you go into the Home Depot in US for the Ryovi Link Storage System, they won't know what you're talking about. You get asked for the Ryovi Link Storage System. Ryovi, not Ryovi. Just reach that like button. Definitely more expensive than your pegboard, but definitely more quality. I mean, you could just do so much more with this, and that's why I wanted to bring it to the channel. I finally got it up. It's been sitting here for a couple of months. It's been cold outside. It's been nasty, and I love it. But I'll tell you what, let me know in the comments what you think. I got a video for you right here to check out, and I'm definitely, I'm definitely recommended this. I'm very excited. I usually don't get that excited. I'm excited about this. This is really cool. They did a great job. We'll be back with more videos soon.