 Right here I have this magnetic coat rack. I'm going to open this up and show you some of its main features. So this is everything that came inside the package. We have the actual magnetic hook itself. Some of the nice things about this magnetic heavy-duty coat rack hook set is that it has these nice rounded corners which is going to help to ruin or snag on some of your clothing or to even scratch yourself. And you can see how nice and thick and durable this material just to make it really nice and load bearing for whatever you're going to be hanging on here. And I do want to note that it has these little decorative nuts on here just to prevent scratches from the actual screws. Just for size reference this is 1.27 inches high. It is 3.35 inches between each of these hooks. And this entire thing is 17.32 inches. And on the back where the magnets are these sections right here they are 2.24 inches each. And I don't know if you can tell on and I don't know if you can tell right here but there's actually multi-stage magnetic circuits on here making it have really powerful magnetic section. There's also this material over it almost feels a little bit rubbery which is going to make it scratch resistant and it's also going to help this not slide around. I'm going to go ahead and show you how I'm going to use this. So we have this metal front door which is going to be perfect for this coat hanger or a little rack. Wow you can tell already how strong that magnet is. Okay that is so sturdy. I love that. Okay I'm going to show you a couple of things that you've been hanging on it just to show you about how strong and durable this is. Right here I have this just little umbrella and here I have this bag. This is a pretty good weight bag as well. Okay I kind of expected this to slide down and this didn't at all. So if all these different things on here this isn't budging at all and the weight is not evenly dispersed. This bag is a lot heavier than these two things. Overall I think that this looks great. I like that it's not an individual coat rack that takes up a lot of extra room. It can be on an existing magnetic surface whether that's the side of your washing machine or your refrigerator or your front door just like this.