 Can this actually hold up one of these? This is the 3M-Claw Drywall Picture Hanger, and according to its claims, you need no tools, no studs, and you'll have no regrets. Let's test this thing out. Just like with drywall anchors, the 3M-Claw Drywall Picture Hangers come in multiple capacities, specifically 15, 25, 45, and 65 pounds. So let's start out with the 15 pounders, and according to the instructions here, there's really just one line that pertains to actually installing them. It says line up the bottom, use your two thumbs to push them in, and you're done. Let's give it a go. We will line it up, got my spot marked, right there, get it nice and straight, and then we use our thumbs, push it in. All right, that was easy. Now to put this to the test, I've got three of these 5 pound concrete bricks. Let's see if it can hold up. Line this up, and let's see how it does. There we go. 15 pounds. No problem. Let's shake it up a little bit and put a 15 pound watermelon on there to make sure that doesn't throw it off a little bit. Let's see how this one goes. Look at that. No budging. Hasn't moved a millimeter. 15 pound watermelon. No problem. Next up, we'll test out the 25 pounder. Now one cool feature about this is I've got my little dot marked here. Let's say I push this in, going to line it up, right there, use my thumbs, and then push it in just like that. Then I hang my picture and I realize, you know what, that's not actually quite where I want it. I need to move it over a little bit. With traditional means, that's going to be a little bit of a pain in the neck, but with the claw drywall picture hanger, it's actually pretty easy. All I need to do is grab a slotted screwdriver like this, and there's a little recess right here on top where I can just pop this thing out. There we go. And that's all that's left behind are these two tiny little marks. Now, when I'm ready to move it to a different position, let's say I want to move it up and over a little bit like this, line it up, drive it in, and we're good. Now for the 25 pounder, I've got this 25 pound cinder block here. Let's hook this one on and see how it does. Trying not to scratch up my wall's too bad here. Check that out. That is a big heavyweight on there. 25 pounds hanging on there. No problem. Another product I wanted to try out related to this was the 3M claw drywall hook. Now, this is a lot like the drywall picture hanger, except for with this one, you've got the hook right here that you can mount in. This is rated for 25 pounds, and once you put it up on the wall, you can then cover it up with this decorative plate, snap it into place, and then you can't see any of the hardware there. It's just a nice hook. So for coat racks, towel racks, anything like that, these work out pretty great. Anytime I work with a sponsored product, I want to make sure we really put it to the test. Since 3M is sponsoring this video, not only am I going to verify that they can actually hold the weight that these products say they can, but as soon as we're done with that, I'm also going to do a head-to-head comparison against drywall anchors and driving screws into studs to see if they truly are easier and faster than the methods we're traditionally used to using. So be sure to stay tuned for that. Now for the 45 pounder. And she goes. All right, let's see if this thing can hold this 5 gallon jug that weighs right about 45 pounds. This feels like so much weight hanging on here. Oh it goes. Wow. That's crazy. 45 pounds hanging that thing on the wall. No worries. That's wild. Nothing's not moving at all. That's impressive. It's time to try the 65 pounder, and as you can see, this one's a little bit different. It has a hinge and it has three spikes total. So this one's got some serious heft behind it. We're going to put this in place. Works kind of the same way apparently. We do that bottom piece first, push it in, and then the top piece. There we go. That's it. So that's nice and flush. And just like most people, I happen to have a seat that is powered air condition and heated sitting right here. So of course, that's going to be nice and light. Actually, this thing weighs almost the exact way I need to test this. This one's 64 pounds, but I want to see if this can handle it. So let's give it a try. So I've got some padding back here. So it doesn't scratch it all up. Okay, it's on. Pulling and tightening. Now this is supposed to keep everything in place, hopefully. So it doesn't lean away too much. This is really heavy. It's like piano strings. Look at that. It's there. I got to admit that is pretty cool to see all of these. I mean, I've got a lot of weight hanging on here. So that's pretty wild that these little hooks on here hang that just fine. They have a, they call it an engineered hardened steel hook on either side. And in the case of the 65 pounder, you've got six hooks instead of two and it is doing a pretty great job. So what I told you earlier, though, is that I want to compare these side by side or head to head with the drywall anchors, as well as a screw driven into a stud. So let's take a look at these side by side. I'm going to show these all at the same speed so that you can see exactly how long they take and how many tools it takes or how much effort it takes to do each one. Well, I got to admit I truly am impressed by these. They really did a pretty great job. They were easy to use. They're super fast. They don't need any tools and they do a great job of holding any of the weights that they claim. Now one of the coolest parts, if you look at the comparison here, is what's left over behind. When it comes time to paint or you need to move out of your place, these are so easy to do a little putty over them and then you're all set. These two little tiny holes is all they leave. Compare that to drywall anchors in particular and they can be a lot more difficult to clean up afterward. Now, if you want to check out more about these, I've got links to them in the description below. You can check out both the 3M-cloth drywall picture hangers and the 3M-cloth drywall hooks. Either of them can go anywhere in your house that you've got drywall. Now on the note of hanging pictures, if you want to find out seven clever picture hanging tricks, then you can check out this video right here. I'm Nils with Learn to DIY. Thanks for watching.