 In this video, we will look at the top five best broom holder available on the market today. We made this list based on our personal opinion, hours of research, and customer reviews. We've considered their quality, durability, features, and more. If you want more information and updated pricing on the products mentioned, check the links in the description box below. So, let's dive into the video. Number 5. Homely mop and broom holder. This stainless steel broom holder uses rubber clasps to prevent your tools from sliding down and out of it. It's even strong enough to hold heavier tools like shovels. Homely's broom holder includes three clasps and four hooks. It's compact enough to save space, without sacrificing any versatility. You can hang all sorts of cleaning tools, even your cloths and dust pans. Our favorite feature is how easy it is to mount. You have three options, wall studs, adhesive tape or drywall anchors. If you can't drill in your home, this product is a great solution. The clutter solution for a clean, more organized home, our space saving mop broom holder wall mounted will free up more storage for more peace of mind. Number 4. Fav ball stainless steel broom holder. This stainless steel broom holder can hold up to 30 pounds. It's designed for both indoor and outdoor use and as weather proof. You can store it in your home, garden, shed or garage without jeopardizing its quality. The clasps adjust automatically to the width of your broom handle, and it can hold up to 30 pounds. If your tools slip or fall from this holder, you'll get your money back. Plus, Fav ball offers a lifetime quality guarantee to boot. You can choose between adhesive tape mounting or screws. It has three slots and four hooks. We like how sleek this broom holder is. It'll look good no matter where you place it. Number 3. On my or multi-purpose broom holder. Don't be fooled by this product's plastic build. Made from strong, heavy-duty material, it's as robust as the stainless steel models. This broom holder can hold up to 22 pounds, so heavier tools won't be a problem. It has non-slip grips to prevent your brooms and mobs from falling out of place. The grips automatically adjust to the size of your broom's handle. Then they release effortlessly when you lift your tools. Space is a bonus. It comes with six hooks and five clasps, which provides more than enough room for your cleaning supplies. Number 2. Storm and Wall Mounted broom holder. This rising star may not be as popular as other models, but users rate it well. It's a strong contender that stands out thanks to its quirky design. There are three hooks and you can move them into designated place depending on the demand for space, so you can use them as a multi-purpose holder. You can also place it outdoors if you like. However, customers note that it's best suited for heavy tools and can hold up to 50 pounds. Our mop broom holder wall-mounted is made of high-quality stainless steel, which can hold up to 50 pounds, 23 kilograms of weight, more durable than plastic material. Anti-slip coatings allow the clamp to hold mop and broom handles firmly and tightly without falling down. Number 1. Nuelix 5-piece broom holder. If you're looking for individual slots instead of an entire rack, we recommend this pack of five from Nuelix. It's versatile and gives you more say in where you store your tools. Each slot can hold up to seven pounds. They're made from spring steel and automatically adjust to the size of your tools. The abrasion-resistant rubber grips are durable. They're designed to retain their form and function, even with excessive use. We like that this is a budget option with a different design style than most others on the market. That's all for now. Thanks for watching. If we helped you out in any way, please hit the like and subscribe button. We'll see you guys in the next videos.