 Hey guys ready to die here. I just got in these new utility hooks and I'm telling you these are versatile. Look at all these. I got a whole packet of them here that a company gifted me to do evaluation on them for you guys and I'm getting ready to use some of these. I'm going to hang up some of our we've got over here in the corner. We just kind of fill this stuff up in the corner in here and this is our laundry room and our cat room and our dog room I guess there's a cat getting in the tool to get out of there. Yeah, get out. Anyway I'm going to hang I'm going to use a couple of these hangers and I'm going to hang a mop and a broom up over here and show you how that looks but very simple. These things come in several different configurations. I've just showed you a few of them here. You got one there. You've got a smaller hook there and here's a bigger one that'd be great for hanging bicycles on. Hey guys I also wanted to show you what I did with these bigger longer hooks. You see the longer hooks there? I put them up here and I've got my bike hung up on. Very cool. Anyway I just wanted to show you that. Something you can do with these bigger hooks. So very versatile set of utility hooks. Very nice. Nice and sturdy. Alright. And it comes with another version of that same thing. It's just shorter, the fork's on it or shorter. Do you have that works? But very cold. Anyway I'm going to pull it out and I'm going to hang a couple of them and show you how they do. It also comes with all the hardware. Anyway I'm going to set a few up and I'll show you how they look. I'll be back in just a minute. Stay tuned and I'll be back. Okay there it is. Boom. Went up just easy as you please. It's nice and sturdy. It's not going to come off that wall and hangs that mop up there. Gets it off the floor. Little more sanitaries. Then having that mop on the floor. And I'm going to hang one of these others up over there too. I'll be back in a minute. Okay. There we go. These things go up so easy, so quick and easy. Look at that. And you've got every kind of length configuration. You can think of hang your broom, hang your mop. Very cool. I'm going to use a bunch of them. I'm going to hang our stuff up over here too. And these are going to be handy for my shop, for the dog house. I'll be using a heck out of these guys. Those are handy. Very handy. Also they even have these Velcro straps. Let's find those. Here's these Velcro straps that be handy too. So you can hang stuff on the hook like if you've got a bundle of copper tubing and you want to put it along your wall. You can bundle up your copper tubing inside here because this is a Velcro strap and then put it on the hook. Very cool. Anyway, just a neat all around good handy product. I like it. I'm going to be getting a lot of use out of that. That's what I think guys. God bless.