 This is the 19p set of heavy-duty garage hooks you guys. I have right here. This is gonna be the unboxing. It also comes with screws and anchors. I believe it's a 19 total to match all the hooks right here you guys. So these are straps and these are actually for like organizing extension cords. I'll open that up in a second. And these are the actual hooks right here you guys. They are good quality. They are strong. They do have like this protective layer right here just in case you don't want to mess up your tools or whatever you're gonna be using. I'm gonna be actually assembling this and showing you guys how one looks at least and then the rest are gonna be up to your imagination. You guys could use them for whatever you want but a lot of people use them for the bikes, for tools, stuff in the garage. So I am gonna put this up for my ladder. That's what I'm gonna be using this one for. Let me go ahead and show you guys like the rest that we have right here. That way in case you guys are interested and purchasing purchasing this kit right here you guys are gonna be in luck because you can have a close up of all the different things. Okay, looks like we have a set of two of these right here. The cool thing is it does come with the screw drivers not needed but I do like that it comes with it on the small side. And it does come with two of these so you screw these into the wall and then you actually put you could put a broom a mop you could actually put a shovel and it's just gonna stay against the wall. I do like that a couple two of these and then these two could be used for bikes. You just put it on the bike tire and just go ahead and hang it up. That is very cool. You guys and then we do have the smaller ones right here. So here is everything that comes with it right here. So it does come with four of these straps and all you have to do is put a hook in that little loop right here and then you go ahead and put your cord there and then it is velcro. So you could just go ahead and velcro it up and it just it's an organizer. So I just installed one of the hooks. I got lucky and you guys could actually see where the stud goes so I didn't have to use an anchor. I just went ahead and screwed it right into a stud and it looks pretty good I think. But try to put my ladder on it and test it out. All right you guys moment of truth it looks nice. It's right in here in the corner and I do like the placing of it. You guys these hooks are definitely legit. They feel nice and sturdy and this is going to protect your ladders or your tools or whatever you guys are working with. So you know you don't have to be worried about scratching anything up. Hope you guys enjoyed this video.