 Hey guys, today we're gonna be comparing two very unique styles of cord organizers. You know, your typical cord organizer is gonna be like silicone rubber and have a lip and you just pop your cord into there, but neither one of these work that way. These are very unique. This one from Lama call is spring loaded so you can see you can pull it open and then it snaps shut to keep pressure on your cord. So you can pop a cord in and it holds it just like that. With this one from the brand Pizaz is a little different where you have a clip over here. You just pull that clip back, that unlocks it. You can put your cord right in there, shut that clasp, and now it's locked again. So I can't make this open without pulling this clasp back again, which can be a pro and a con. That's our first pro and con is if you're forgetful and you have your cord in there and you just go to grab your cord. This whole thing is gonna come off your desk, which can be annoying where you're not gonna have that problem with this brand Lama call. You just pull that thing and it comes right out versus your whole cord organizer coming unglued off your desk, nightstand, wherever you have it. As far as aesthetics are concerned, I think they're both fairly equal. They're both hard plastic, a little mechanical looking. This one's a little smaller, which is nice, but that leads us to another difference. Is that for larger cords, this one handles them very nicely. This one you have a limited hole space there, or if you try putting a larger cord in, it's not going to be able to shut. So you really have to consider are you just using this for phone chargers or using it for larger cords as well. If you are, you're definitely gonna want to go with this Lama call option. If you're not, it's a little bit more of a toss up. I still prefer the Lama call option, but I definitely see the value and having this locked completely shut your cord is not gonna go anywhere. So depending on what you value, I hope this video helps you make an informed decision on which one of these is best for you.