 I'm sure everyone at some point has come across these sticky type hangers that you can stick on your wall to hang pictures and paintings. So personally, I've never ever tried to use them for hanging anything particularly heavy, although they do stay a capacity that is quite large. So today I'm going to put it through its tests and simply find out, does it work? Or do they work? I mean, I've got more than one. These are command picture hangers by 3M and they come in a whole range of shapes and sizes, starting with essentially a bit of velcro that you can stick to the back of the picture and to the wall. Going up to these size brackets, the bigger one of which takes two strips and promises to hold 3.6 kilograms, which is almost 8 pounds, which I think is a fair load just hanging from a sticker stuck onto your wall. Now, I've used the lighter versions of these quite a lot in the past on lightweight pictures, basically the sticky velcro that you just stick to the picture and the wall. And they've worked absolutely perfectly, but all of those pictures have been very lightweight. I've never been brave enough to use these for something quite heavy. I've always preferred to use a mechanical fix in, even if it's just putting in a roll plug and then a screw partly sticking out to hold my pictures. So I'm really interested today to actually prove to myself whether these work and actually hold the capacities they do. Now, when it comes to actually fixing them, if you read the instructions on the back, it's fairly straightforward. You need to clean the area without a hole before you start. You then make sure that the sticky strips are the right way round because there's a wall side and a hang inside. Then you essentially stick them to the hanger and then press them against the wall for at least 30 seconds. And then you leave it for an hour to gain strength. Now, I have no idea why you leave it for an hour. I would have thought as soon as you put it on the wall, you'd end up with the strength that you get. But anyway, I'm going to follow the instructions absolutely to the letter to make sure that I give these a fair chance. The only thing that is a little bit worrying is in the very small print, it does say, do not use over beds. And it also says, do not hang valuable items, which doesn't give me a lot of faith. If 3M aren't confident enough that you can hang something over your bed that might fall off in the middle of the night or cost them when you sue them, a load of money. Just to be very clear, once again, I'm not sponsored by these people at all. This is completely independent. If it doesn't work, I'll tell you. And if it does, you'll be the first to know. Right, so what we're going to do is I'm going to find a suitable plastered wall because this doesn't work on vinyl or wallpaper. I'm going to find a suitable plastered wall. It has to be at least seven days old since you painted it, which mine obviously is. We're going to stick these on and see if they take the load. So I'm back upstairs in front of what is rapidly turning into my test wall, which is actually my bathroom going through renovation. So I'm going to stick these in these two different positions. This is 3.6 kilograms and 2.2. So the first thing I need to do is just clean these areas. I'm lucky to have found an alcohol wipe to clean the wall with as I know that I don't have any rubbing alcohol in the house. But whatever you do, you can't miss this step. As obviously, the bond between the sticky strip onto the paint of the wall is all important. So starting with a clean, dust free surface is key. There are so many versions of these command strips and hangers. I'll put a link in the description below the video to the specific ones I've used here. All of these strips make it very clear which way round they go, whether it's against the wall or the hanger, which I assume is quite important to achieve the strength. And then it's as simple as sticking the strip onto the hanger and then doing exactly the same onto the wall. One, two, three, four, five, six, seven, eight, four, five, six, seven, eight, nine, nine, ten. One, two, three, four, five, six, seven, eight, five, six, seven, eight, nine, thirty. Right. Okay, all we have to do now is leave this for an hour before we load it. So while we leave those for an hour or so to gain some strength, I'd just like to talk to you quickly about Patreon. Now, if you're enjoying this type of content, Patreon is a great way of supporting the channel for a very small amount per month. And in return, Patreon members get additional content in various ways. Firstly, there are extra additional videos that I post every now and again showing you what I'm getting up to, what's happening behind the scenes in proper DIY, and question and answer sessions where I try to answer anything you ask me. But more importantly, Patreon members get additional material in every weekly video, like this one. They get what I call a Patreon-only section, where there's more behind the scenes material from the video that week, extra details and background to the video I'm making, and additional information I just can't fit in the public version. So my weekly videos to the patrons are generally four to five minutes longer with material that the public just doesn't see. And for top tier Patreon members, there's also a monthly get together in the form of a Zoom meeting, where we discuss DIY problems, tools, I try to answer questions on any DIY issues, or even behind the scenes questions, and generally have a couple of hours where we talk about anything you want to. So please consider signing up and supporting the channel. It starts at just three pound a month. I'll put a link to Patreon in the description below. And if you find it's not for you, it's super easy to cancel it. You can cancel immediately. Right, enough about Patreon. Let's get back and see how hangers are getting on. After an hour, everything looked good, so I decided to load them. I'm using water bottles today as weights, which I think is an easy, accurate way to load these hangers. So this is two litres of water. Let's just see if it takes this. Load coming on. Now. V. So that is a good start. The first two litres is on there. And yeah, looking okay, let's add a bit more. I'll have it in grams. 203, that's near enough. Here's it next to 100 going on. Right in there. And I would call that a success. That's 2.2 kilograms in two bottles of water for what they call the wire back picture hanger. 2.2 kilograms. That's fair amount actually. So I'm impressed with that. Let's see if we can load the bigger one. Okay, so this is the first two kilograms going on. Going on now. Looking good. And here I've got another 300 millilitre bottle. So these are half a kilogram each. So there's two already on it. Let's put this one on. This is going to make two and a half. Two and a half. Two and a half. And then make three kilograms. Three and a half kilograms. Some gentle. So that's what we've got at the moment. Two, two and a half, three, three and a half. So that's now sitting at three and a half kilograms. And it's rated at 3.6 kilograms. So only a hundred grams of the capacity of it. And a hundred grams isn't very much. So I'm going to be generous and say yes, it's actually past the test. But you know, like any experiment, we don't want to just see if it passes. We actually want to know when it fails. So I've got some more bottles here just to see how much more I can put on. Four kilograms. This is 4.5 going on. Five going on. That's now holding five kilograms. All from just those stickers on there. This is two kilograms going on making it five and a half. This is another half making it six kilograms. And this is another half making seven kilograms. So that is seven kilograms. Okay, this is, I think, the last bottle water that I've got in the house. And it's another two kilograms. This has got to fail at this point. It's already carrying seven. And it's rated for 3.6. So that's already double what it's rated for. Now away, it's going to carry this. This takes up to nine kilograms going on. Three, two, one. That doesn't seem to be showing any signs that it's going to fall off. I am so surprised. Although they're really low on the ground, they're not actually touching the floor. They're just a couple inches off. And that is nine kilograms on there. So I think that's about as far as I can go. I've run out of water bottles in that house. So that's now taking nine kilograms. And it's rated for 3.6. So almost three times as much. And there's no sign of it moving at all. I think if it did move, it would move very quickly. And I've got a feeling it's going to be taking the plaster off. So I don't know why it's just going to debond. The other thing that they do advertise with these fixings is that they're really easy to get off without leaving a mark. That's why this tab is at the bottom. And if you pull it, it's not supposed to make a mark. Now I've used a lot of these and it's completely true. They actually don't make a mark at all. I think I'll unload this and just show you how to take it off. First of all, take out for the water. Grikey, that is heavy. Three. Nine kilograms, wow. What we need to do is pull them directly down and then they start pulling out. That's one gone. And there you go. As simple as that. Completely unmarked. So the small one took the capacity as stated on the pack. And the big one took nine kilograms without failing. That's almost three times more that is stated on the pack. I've just run out of water bottles so I can't load it anymore. It's just so nice to find something that just works well. I just love it when things work. So I can resolutely say, does it work? It blimmin' does.