 Are you looking for the best magnetic hooks? I've got some right here that I want to show you guys today that a company sent me because they look pretty awesome. First of all, hi, I had all the new dads out there. This is Dad Reviews. This is where I give you my unedited, hopefully more authentic look at the products that I like to use, haven't, well, company sent to me in the mail. So if you're interested in that, you might want to consider clicking that subscribe button. Like I said, we got a package in the mail here because this company wanted me to check out their magnetic hooks. And whenever I was looking at them on Amazon, which by the way, I'll link them up down in the description below. You guys can go and read other people's reviews about them. Not just take my word, warm. They have a huge, how do you say that? Wait, like they can hold a lot of weight from what I could tell. They actually make different ones that hold different amounts of weight, which I thought was cool. Let's see if we can open up this thing right here. Okay, oh look, it comes with that too. Cool. All right, let's see what we got here. So these are the magnets right here. They make them in different colors too. They have silver ones, which is the ones that I got. They also have black ones. And then from what I understand, from other things that they sell in their shop, is that they use meodimium magnets, which are the like super duper strong magnets. So this is the magnet right here. And then it comes with the hardware that screws into it on the little peg right here. So you simply just throw that into there. And then you have a nice secure magnetic hook. And you can use this for so many different things. If you just have a metal sheet, hang on your wall or in your shop or something like that, and you wanna hang something on, you can simply attach it to it. Ha, check that out. I didn't even know that was there. I guess it's like a nail or a stud or something right there. It picks it up through the drywall. That's awesome. Ha, ha, ha. It wouldn't, I don't think it's gonna stay very strong because it's not, I can move it too easily. But these are great. Another way, organization, maybe if you want, if you have like a deep freeze over in your garage or out of the way or something like that. You know, usually those are magnetic. You could simply put a bunch of these down there and you can hang stuff from it. That's actually one of the reasons that why I was interested in these things because I wanted to do something like that. Look, Dad, reduce field trip, let's go. Like I said, if you all wanna check these out, I'm gonna link them up down in the description below. But we have this deep freeze right here. Boom. Oh geez. That's really hard to get off. Well, let's do this. I got a bag of clothing right here. I don't know what's in it. Can it hold it? Will it hold? Will it hold? Boom. Look at that. So these hooks, they say on their website are supposed to support 80 pounds, which is pretty awesome. Oh, I guess that's a good way to get these things off. If they're stuck on there really good, you can hook your finger on the hook and just pull out. And that takes care of it. So these things look super difficult. The magnetism on them seems really, really strong. Look, we'll try it on the electrical panel here. Because that's solid metal right there. Yeah, if you guys are looking for some magnetic, what would you guys use magnetic hooks for? That's your comment of the video. Let me know that down in the comments below. I know Christmas just passed. Are you using it maybe to organize your Christmas decorations in the attic or maybe you used them this year for Christmas for reeds to hang reeds on your door. If you have a magnetic stud in there or something magnetic on the door, I'm just trying to brainstorm ideas here. Let me know what you guys would use magnetic hooks for. So I wonder if you could use them like on gutter mold. Gutters are usually aluminum. Some might be stainless steel, but that might work on there as well. But this pack you get eight, I think the another one has like 12 or 20 or something. Like I'll link them all up down in the description below. You guys can go and read other people's reviews about it. I'm not just taking my word for it. If I find some really cool uses, maybe I can do a demonstration of some of the uses that I have in a future video. So make sure to click that subscribe button right there. If you guys wanna watch more kind of home improvement, organization type videos. I've got a video right here about some peg hooks that I've reviewed before that I highly recommend. If you have a shed with a pegboard on it, you guys can go and check out that video. I'll see you all over in that video. If not, I'll see you on one of these videos right here. I appreciate you guys watching our videos and smashing that thumbs up button. Thank you dads for watching and dad out.