 Hey guys, today we are comparing the Zit Slim and the Unis brands of storage straps. These are two very high quality straps that I want to talk to you about and compare and help you make a great decision on which one of these is the way to go for your storage needs. So the first thing you're going to notice is the top where the Unis has a standard grommet style top here and I will say this isn't a very big hole. So you're pretty much have to use this on hooks, nails of a smaller size. Nothing too big you can hang it from where this one is much more versatile with this carabiner style clip. Not only can you hang it on hooks and nails of any size, you can also attach it to other things. You know, a lot of people hang it to chain link fences or other things that aren't necessarily meant to be hooks but can function as that. This alphas a lot more versatility on where you can hang things because of that carabiner clip. Another thing you'll notice is the size of this. If you're hanging something like this, a 25 foot extension cord, this Unis is going to be perfect but if you need something with a little bit larger of a diameter, I want to show you the size difference between these two straps because there is a little bit of a difference here. The Unis is probably about two thirds of the size of the Zit Slim storage straps. If you need something that's a little more versatile as far as size goes, it can be small, it can be large. This Zit Slim is the way to go. If you're only hanging small stuff, this Unis is going to do just fine. You can actually combine two of these to make one large diameter using two straps. However, the downside to that is your weight limit does decrease. Both of these have a 50 pound weight limit but if you're connecting two together, I would reduce that by 50% so you're down to 25 pounds if you choose to do that. Overall, which of these you go with depends on what style hook you're hanging it from and how big you need it to be. Both of these are high quality but because of the versatility, I would choose the Zit Slim if you're not sure. I don't think you can go wrong with either one of these.