 We are about to completely transform this garage into the ultimate car enthusiast garage. So it's gonna go from this to this to check this out. Voice today, we are gonna be building the dream garage. Now for those of you guys that don't know, I recently moved into this house about two months ago, which is when I started buying all the stuff for the garage. And let me give you guys a quick overview. We have a three car garage in front of the house with the one car bay right here, and then oversized two car bay right here. So we can have a total of three cars in the garage. I'm actually renting this home, so I wanted to upgrade the garage in a way. It's not permanent. So that way when I move out, I can go ahead and take everything off and take it to the next home where I'll be. So every single part you guys see me install today is fully removable, rent her friendly and everything. So you guys should have no problem doing the same thing in your garage as well. And so we have new flooring that we're gonna be installing, new hex lights that we're gonna be putting up in the ceiling, a full detailing kit from Adults Polish, including a pressure washer, detailing spray, and on top of that, giraffe tools actually sent over a wall mounted vacuum for me as well as a pressure washer. So we're gonna have a bunch of cool gadgets in the garage. And not to mention, we're actually gonna be putting in a new way of lifting up the cars. Since I'm renting this house, I can't put in a full-sized lift. And I don't even think the garage door will allow me to do that. So I got the next best thing. We are teaming up with quick jacks to install these new hydraulic jacks that you just slide under the car and then you press the button and then it lifts the car fully up. All right, here's the game plan for you guys. Since I live in Seattle, we don't have the best weather out here. It's actually raining on and off all day today. So it's super wet. I originally wanted to bring everything in the garage outside. But since it's raining outside, I really don't want to get my stuff soaked. So the game plan is we're gonna take everything on this side, push it to this side, knock out the flooring and the lights, and then we'll push everything on this side over here and then do this area. That wasn't too bad. I got this side completely clean and I swept in everything. So we should be ready to slap in the new flooring. So let's unbox these boxes and show you guys the color way that I went with. And the first color is red. And the next color we went with is black. So we're gonna have a black and red theme going on. So the plan is to make the majority of the garage black flooring. But in each individual bay, we're gonna do a red perimeter around it and then black on the inside. So this side would have a red perimeter right there and then when we go to the two car garage, it's gonna be all black. And then on the inside, it's gonna be a big red box like that with a black inside. And the best thing about these tiles is to look how easy they are to install. You just place them down and then you just click it together. Boom, like that. And look at that. Super flush. It completely changes the look of the garage. It looks way more aesthetic now. Instead of just the gray floors with like the dirty spots. Now we have a completely solid color and the red just to make it pop a little bit more. Oh man, this is gonna look so sick when the entire garage looks like this. But now have to move all this mess right here, all around this side. Pull out the R34 and then do the other side of the garage. It's been two weeks since I've driven this car. How much you guys want to bet is dead. Oh, that was wrong. That started right up. So I got as far as I could. Now we got to move that big ass shelf right there. So I called in some Usos. This is Usos number one. This is Josh from the 253 film. And this is Usos number two. It's gay from the 206. But anyways, the free labor they're about to help me move the shelf so we can knock out the rest of the recording. Alright boys, it is now the next day. I spent like eight hours cleaning the garage and installing these flooring. Check this out guys. Oh my god, dude. This thing looks so sick. It makes the garage look way nicer than it actually was. Because before we had like the stained concrete flooring and now we have these perfectly brand new and aesthetic flooring. I'm not sure how long this is going to last because it does get quite dirty when I work out my cars but I'm hoping since it's plastic it's not going to stain like the concrete did. Oh my god, I'm in freaking awe. And this flooring came with a little edge guard. And I know you guys are probably wondering right now Derek, what's all this setup right here? How come you didn't put the flooring over here? Well in case you guys didn't know, I am a barber. I've been doing it for eight, nine years now. And thankfully I don't do it full time anymore. I cut down my clientele 90% just so I could focus on YouTube, cars and all of that. But I still do cut hair two days a week and so I have to have my little barber area. So this is where I'm going to be cutting hair at because if I put this over here then all the hair is going to get stuck under and I won't be able to clean that up. But since it's concrete here I can just sweep it. So I got my little barber setup with the barber chair, the mirror. But anyways let's move on to the next part of the garage bill. We are about to put up the hex lights on the ceilings. Right now we have these light bars that I bought from Amazon and I've had them for like three or four years now. And since I moved from my very first shop slash garage and so they held up really well and to be honest they're pretty bright but they don't look as aesthetic as these right here. We got some hex lights in from our sponsor Hyper Light. They sent over one, two, three sets of hex lights for us to throw up in the garage. So we're going to put one right here in the two car bay, one next to it and then one in the one car bay. Oh my god this thing is insanely rough. I hope the camera can pick up how bright these lights are but do look at this. This is freaking insane. Here let me turn it on and turn it off real quick. Here's off, here's on. This is going to look so sick. Oh that's filthy. What is it?" This is a st已經 gold color gun. we can turn it on. We have a slight problem. So whoever designed this garage was not intending to use it as a garage They were just intending to like drive their car in and park it because there is not a single outlet on the ceiling But I just discovered that there are these sockets you can buy that plugs right into the light fixtures and they act as a wall plug And luckily we have a light bulb right there So we're gonna take that out screw this in and then plug in our new hex lights to see if it works. Hopefully it's the right size If this works, this is gonna be so much. Alright, playing it in and the best part is now my light switch should turn that on whenever I flick it three two one Oh It works it works. I'll link it down below if you guys are dealing with the same situation so you guys can buy that as well But boys, we are officially done putting up the new lighting and it looks so good in here It's insanely bright. I hope the camera can pick this up But there's not like a single shadow anywhere in the room like wherever I'm standing no shadows at all Which is super dope is when we're working on the cars We're not gonna have a problem with visibility at all We still have one last cosmetic mod to do to the garage and it's set up some decorations And then we can move on to showing you guys the new tools I got but I gotta take care of the walls first I would want to drywall the walls so that's not exposed wood But since this is a rental I don't want to spend money to increase the value of this house and not get any dime out of it So instead we're actually gonna be throwing on some flags some the boring flags to cover up as much wood as possible The core is done check out this dope ass time my sister got me like a few years ago Tell me that isn't cool just imagine like the cars being parked right here and you see the Batman Derek Boulevard Oh, that's not to be so clean and there's still a good amount of space on the walls for future flags So if you guys run any companies or you guys want to send me some flags I'll put my PO box in the description below All right boys time to move on to the last but definitely not least part of this build series the equipment We got our wall mounted retractable pressure washer and then we have our wall mounted retractable back You know this thing looks sick Guys how sick is this literally whenever I want to clean my car now let's say I wanted to vacuum I'll just grab it Pull it out vacuum do my business and it comes with all these attachments and then when I don't want to use anymore It goes right back no need to store a vacuum and pull it out whenever I need it This is gonna be right here ready and here's my pressure washer whenever I want to wash my car I'll just hook it up to this leader line right here the garden hose the pressure washer reel is the same way look at this That is so freaking sick And then it just doors right up like that if you guys are interested in those two items I'll leave it in the description below all right. Let's move on to the next thing This is probably the thing I'm the most excited for and it's the quick jacks I've always worked on my cars with just the jack and the jack stands and over time It's just super repetitive and to be honest It doesn't give me enough clearance from the ground gives me max maybe like a foot and sometimes when you're working on like Exhaust components and stuff like that you need the extra space So you're not like crammed up like that and these boys will do just that it's gonna help us lift up the car so much faster and so much higher So let's bring it in and set it up Oh yeah Oh yeah Oh Let's see That was at it bad Come on Oh Back Here's everything that the quick jacks came with it came with two quick jacks a bunch of blocks that you can put it under your Pinch well so when you lift it it wouldn't damage it and then this is the motor right here This is what the quick jacks have up to already got hooked up and I got a blood and everything so let me show you guys How it works? You just press his button And the quick jacks lifts right up and then you press the down button And then it goes down How sick is that when now it's time for the real test Let's pull in the R34 see what it looks like in the garage for the first time Slide these quick jacks under and see if they'll actually lift the car Oh Are you guys seeing this right now? Look at this it looked at this car higher than me Now you guys can see how short the ceiling is if I were to get a lift It definitely wouldn't fit in here on full lift We have all of this space to work under the car and on top of that the quick jacks come with the little safety bar right here That completely locks it thinking of this as like jack stands the quick jacks can't fail if this is engaged pretty nice I'm loving it. Oh, man. Look how sick the R34 looks in the garage Dude, this is insane. Look at it. I think this is actually how I'm gonna have the garage setup I'll work on the cars over here and then whichever car I need to store in the garage I'll park it right on over here because now I have all this space. Oh Guys, we are so close to being done with this garage makeover I have been at this for three days luckily for you guys. It's probably like 15 minutes But we're finally moving on to the last thing and that is the care package sent over from Adams polish They sent over three whole boxes of detailing equipment and detailing products for us to use in the garage So let's unbox it and show you guys what they sent. Oh, never mind four boxes. I forgot about this as well Oh He got a freaking new wash bucket along with the low dolly kit and Has a lid with a seat for us. Oh, yeah, not to mention we got some all purpose cleaner So wheel and tire cleaner and some spray wax and look at this this comes with a little grid at the bottom to hold the dirt sink spill up Oh, this one's built to the brin A new foam cannon mega foam. So oh a new pressure wash watch. Oh, yeah, I've been using They sent over four of these display brackets. So you mount these to the wall And then you put your sprays like that. I'm so hype because I have probably like 25 30 models of these and nowhere to put it Oh, yeah We got 40 feet of pressure washer hose look at that and this is the flexible one too. Oh, it's just another display I'm so confused. What is this? All right, let's see what we can figure out with that They sent me their interior light bar. You guys ready to see how bright it is? Oh, yeah, this is gonna be so sick and it's adjustable One more box This sent me a whole pressure washer, bro Look how convenient this is this thing even has wheels. All right, boys I just finished putting up the atom's display We got all the spray bottles lined up and I figured out that the package that I had no idea what it was Was actually this shelf and it has a built-in rod and you can hang towels or you can even hang a spray bottle like this pretty freaking cool And then of course we got our foam cannon here some towels and then the big bottles of detailing products right there Our pressure washer our bucket my tool bench this turned out so Freaking sick. All right, boys. I think you guys know what time it is after three days a hard work Breaking my back bust in my ass for 10 12 hours. I think it's safe to say we officially have completed the garage build series It's time to show you guys the final product. I think you guys are gonna absolutely love it. I love it I think this is gonna make the future videos way better. So cue the cinematics I So what you guys think the garage is pretty fire huh? And I think the best thing about all this is every single garage build series I watch on YouTube people usually own their garage Or they bought their shop they can do anything they want to it So I think it's pretty cool that we were able to do all of this even though I rent the garage none of the mods We did were permanent like on the flooring so we can take off This is why I didn't do a proxy flooring all the lights we can remove as well if this house was actually mine I would go ahead and insulated put up drywall Into the ceiling drywall the ceiling make it look way better and to be honest I probably would throw a four-post lift Right here so that way we could drive a car on lift it and then drive another car But one day guys one day when I own my own house We're about to do an even crazier garage bill But yeah, if you guys are interested in buying any of the items that I used in today's video Check out the description down below. I'll leave a link for you guys. Don't worry And if there's anything else you think I should add let me know in the comments who knows Maybe we'll have a part two for the garage build series All right boys. Thank you so much for watching today's video if you guys enjoyed it Go down below hit the like button for me. It helps me out tremendously and I will catch you guys in the next one Peace out