 Want to build an ADU without breaking the bank? A garage conversion might be your best move. I'm Dan from DLC here in Sacramento and we specialize in turning garages, especially detached garages into fully functioning living spaces. And we're here to show you why they're often the most cost effective way to add value space and even rental income to your property. One of the biggest advantages of a garage conversion? The bones are already there. You've got the foundation, the walls, and the roof, meaning you're saving thousands right off the bat on construction costs. You're not starting from scratch, like you would for a detached new build. That alone makes this type of ADU one of the most budget-friendly options. Another major win? Since a garage conversion isn't technically a new build, you're not required to install solar panels under California's Title 24 code. That can save you anywhere from $10,000 to $20,000 right there. And it doesn't stop there. Existing utility connections can often be tapped into, saving you money on trenching and infrastructure. Because you're working with an existing structure, garage conversions often get permitted faster and built quicker. Sometimes in as little as three to four months depending on the scope. Time is money and faster build times mean less stress, earlier rental income potential, and much more time enjoyed with the family or a potential office use. Garage ADUs are perfect for long-term rentals, Airbnb, aging parents, or even your home office, or studio. You're turning underutilized space into something livable and income-producing. In Sacramento's hot rental market, it's a game changer. And with typical construction costs lower than a detached unit, your return on investment is even better. In summary, garage conversions are the most cost effective ADU type. Because one, the foundation and structure already exist, two, utilities are nearby so you can save big on trenching and connections, and three, you're building within your existing footprint. No extra permits or setbacks or new zoning requirements. And also four, you're not required to install solar since it's not considered new construction under Title 24. All of that adds up to major savings. Typically $20,000 to $50,000 compared to adding a detached ADU from the ground up.