 Hey guys, it's Sheriff from Witch Up Diaries and in this video, we're going to look at three garage slash workshop organization ideas and see if we can build them for cheaper than we can buy them. Basically, I'm going to show you how to build each one and then we'll break down the cost versus the inspiration or the store bought version and see if we were any better off. In case you're curious, here's what will be building a heavy-duty shelving unit, a small space workbench and a simple storage shelf with a cabinet. So if you're ready to dive in and get building, let's go. Let's start with the simplest project first, the heavy duty shelving unit. This shelving unit was designed to be beefy, so I used two by fours for the frame. The full cut list and cut diagrams can be found in the printable plans that I've linked below. But essentially, I trimmed down four corner posts or legs, eight long supports that will run along the length of each shelf and six short supports that will run along the depth of each shelf. So this is the Craig XL pocket hole jig and it doesn't really look that big until you compare it to the standard size jig and you can see that it's significantly larger. So it's got larger holes, so you use it with a larger drill bit and then you also use it with larger screws like these XL pocket hole screws. It claimed that the XL screws are two times stronger than the standard size screws. Unless you're going to park a tractor on one of the shelves, this standard size is probably more than enough. But because I already have it and I already have the screws, I'm just going to go ahead and use the XL for your basic Christmas ornaments and whatever typical not really that heavy garage things that you'd probably be storing on these shelves. The standard size jig would work totally fine. I drove pocket holes into the ends of all eight long supports and into the ends of half of the short supports. Again, you can drill these with either a standard size pocket hole jig or an XL pocket hole jig. Just keep in mind that you need to use XL screws with XL pocket holes and standard screws with standard size pocket holes. It does kind of stink in this case because the XL screws come in a pack of 30 and you need 64 total pocket hole screws. I didn't think ahead and I only bought two packs so ended up being four screws short and I had to use other screws that I had on hand. Whoops! That's okay, it'll be fun. I assembled the two front and back frames using the long supports and the corner posts. Then I attached four short supports on each side so that they were all even with the long supports. To complete the frame, I added two more short supports just evenly spaced across each shelf. I used an inexpensive half inch pine sheathing for the shelving. Actually, it was 15 30 seconds sheathing. It's just easier to say half inch. I ripped two strips from each sheet to the depth of my frame then I trimmed them down to the length of my frame. Now the top shelf can simply be set on top and screwed in place but the bottom three shelves need the quarters notched out to fit around the legs. So I marked each corner about 1 in 5 8s by 3 in 5 8s and cut these with a juxtap. The two by four legs are actually an eighth inch smaller than that in both directions but I just cut these a little oversized to allow some wiggle room. Once the shelves were all in place, I secured them to the frame with screws around the edge and with that the simple heavy duty shelf is ready to load up. I know you want to know how much weight these shelves can hold and I don't have a definite answer because it depends on several factors like the exact type of screws that you used, how well it was assembled and the condition of the wood that you used. But each shelf, if properly assembled, can hold at least several hundred pounds. Now let's talk about cost. This is the inspiration that I based this build off of. Now we're obviously comparing apples to oranges here because this shelf is wood and the inspiration shelf is metal. So it's not exactly the same thing. However, it did have similar dimensions, the same number of shelves and is comparable in durability. The price? 250 bucks. This shelf required 13 2 by 4s, two sheets of half inch sheathing, 64 pocket hole screws and two boxes of wood screws for a total of $125. So this was about half the cost of build versus buy. Alright, let's move to the second project, a small workbench. This is my personal favorite of the three. To kick this project off, I cut four pieces of 2 by 4 to fit together to make a simple frame about the size that I wanted my workbench. I assembled this using pocket holes and screws, then I cut a piece of 3 1.4 inch plywood to fit on top. Now for this project, I did splurge for cabinet grade birch, but you could use a cheaper plywood if you really wanted. After I screwed this piece onto the frame, I cut 2 by 4 corner posts or legs to go at each corner. You could absolutely attach these with pocket holes, but I just used 3 inch wood screws through the bottom. This is how I attached the legs on my larger workbench many years ago and it's held up well. Once these legs were installed, I assembled the rest of the frame with 2 by 4s, pocket holes and screws. Now you'll see this shortly, but in hindsight, after attaching the top pieces of the frame, I should have stopped and attached the workbench top before adding the shelf. I have noted this in the printable plans for this project that I've linked below, but at this point I haven't realized my mistake here yet, so I continued on and added a 2 by 4 frame for the shelf. I cut to fit and screwed a piece of plywood over this frame and here's where I realized my mistake. I'm going to attach the top to the top, but I didn't think about how I would attach the top until I got to this point. I thought about doing pocket holes up through the top of the framing, but since the shelf is already in place, I can't have enough room to drill up to the pocket holes. I should have attached the top and then attached this, but instead of using pocket holes, I'll just drag the screw out an angle. I'll show you that in just a second, but I just wanted to explain why I'm not using actual pocket holes for these screws because I just don't have enough room to drill the holes. Ideally, I would have attached this top with pocket holes and screws, but I may do and just throw some screws at an angle through the top frame. This is essentially a pocket hole. There just isn't a pocket. You could also attach this top using corner brackets or figure eight fasteners or Z clips or hundreds of other ways, but this just seemed the easiest at the time. While I had this flipped over, I installed caster wheels at each corner to make this workbench mobile. At this point, it's complete, but I had some leftover plow wood and I really wanted to make the most out of it. So I cut a piece to fit into one side. Then I laid out and assembled some simple little cubbies or boxes to hold things like glue, drill bits, sandpaper, etc. I also cut a piece that could hold my drill and driver. I laid all of these out and arranged them so that they would fit on my panel, then attached them with screws from the backside. I drilled two pocket holes on the backside of this panel and actually in hindsight, I should have drilled these before I attached the pieces to the front, but anyway. Then I slid this panel back into place and attached it at the bottom with pocket holes screws and just screwed in at the top to the shell frame. On the other side, I screwed two strips between the legs that would house some clamps. I used six inch and 12 inch clamps to just kind of hang on here and help me determine my spacing. And with that, the simple workbench is complete and is packed full of handy little cubbies and storage accessories. Now let's break down the cost. Here's the inspiration that I built this project off of. Now note that it doesn't have the customized storage on the sides or caster wheels, but it is the same overall dimension and the same basic design. This is $200 and again note that that does not include the wheels. The one that I built here used one sheet of birch plywood, six two by fours, screws and there were multiple types of screws, so I just lumped them all together and caster wheels for a total of about $136. So this project was also cheaper to build versus buy and the built one has customized storage and caster wheels, so it's a definite upgrade. Okay, so now the final project, a storage piece with cabinets and shelves. I started with the cabinet part first, so I cut down my plywood sheet to make the bottom and sides of the box. I assembled this with pocket holes and screws, then I brought out a piece of half inch plywood to cut the back from. Now in full transparency, I used a leftover piece of half inch birch plywood that I already had in my shop for the back. Later, I'll use the leftover plywood pieces from the heavy duty shelf that I shared earlier in the video for the shelves. So all of the half inch plywood pieces used here were not cut from a single sheet, but they could have been if I had just had one. I was just trying to avoid buying another sheet that I didn't really need. Anyway, once the back was on, I attached a three quarter inch plywood top, then moved on to making the shelf. The shelf frame was made using two by fours for the corner posts and two by twos for the shelf supports. I ripped my two by twos from two by fours, but you can absolutely buy pre cut to buy twos if you'd rather. After I trimmed these pieces to length, I drilled pocket holes into the ends of all the two by twos, then assembled the two side frames with pocket holes screws. Once both side frames were together, I attached them to each side of the cabinet so that it was about 1 1 1 2 inches up from the bottom of the quarter posts. Then I attached the front and back two by two shelf supports with pocket holes in screws so that they were even with the sides. Now I needed to add the shelves, but just like with the heavy duty shelf that I shared first, the top shelf can be screwed in as is, but the bottom two need notches cut out to fit around the corners. I cut these with a jigsaw, then placed and screwed them onto the supports. At this point, there's still enough 3 1 1 2 1 2 2 2 2 2 2 on the cabinet. So I added these with concealed hinges and then added some knobs to wrap up this project. There's actually still enough plywood left if you wanted to add a shelf inside the cabinet, you absolutely could. But I was making this for my dad and he didn't want the shelf, so I just skipped it. This isn't as heavy duty as the first shelf, but these shelves can still hold plenty and the cabinet is great for odds and ends that you don't want to see all the time. Now let's break down the cost. Here's the inspiration that I built this project based off of. It has similar dimensions, number of shelves and basic overall design. The price, $214. This shelf required 5 2 by 4 assuming that you cut your 2 by 2 from 2 by 4s. One sheet of 3 1 side inch plywood, one sheet of 1 ¼ inch plywood and a few different types of screws. Oh and 2 pair of hinges for a total of $158. You may have already guessed at the beginning that these would have been cheaper to build than to buy, but I hope that you still enjoy seeing the actual builds than comparing the numbers. The prices of materials and these inspiration products that have shown will change over time and will vary by location. So these numbers won't be relevant forever, but the projects will be. You can grab the plans to build your own in the description below and if you're anxious to see more, I've got so many more projects to come, so be sure to subscribe and stay tuned. Thanks so much for watching, friends, and until next time, happy building!