 And welcome to the new shop. That looks like tree damage. That's clearly had turnmites. That's all broken in half. All right. Well. I throw it into the lends give This truck has 800 pounds of concrete. Probably about 600 pounds of lumber and it's boogie and right along. Square and level are a state of mind, ladies and gentlemen. That's more about knowing where it's going to bite you in the hind end and learn that by experience. Poster set. Alright, gang, we're not building a space rocket ship here. We just need the water to run downhill. So let's get this unloaded. Apparently that's how I left that yesterday. If you don't really have any little buddies to come help you out, you got to get creative. So the small block power scaffolding is working like gang busters. I'm going to get this. Welcome back to another episode of working after work with Ryan. Here we are again. We started on that end. We're going to work our way this way. We're going to work our way this way. We're going to work our way this way. Alright. Guys, fatigue is cumulative. I started this week a whole lot. More fresher than I am now. Every day, come back with less steam. But I guess I'm better tonight than it was. I can't even say words. Not good. I'm better this morning than I was last night. That doesn't mean much though. It's so graceful. You guys feeling it? It's going to let you in. I'm going to work my way this way. I'm going to work my way this way. I'm going to work my way this way. So that means this week's project. Let's reroofing this thing. I'm assuming you guys can see those bright, sparkly lines. I don't know if this tin was used before they put it up or if all of those nails have just popped out of it. That's also entirely possible. Everywhere you see light coming through, water comes through too, unfortunately. Over here we've got a bit of tree damage. You can tell by the tree still sticking out of it. That's where they keep the ivy. Currently everything in the world nests right here. This tree is growing into the building at this point. That's really bad. It really looks like termite damage, but why would they just be there? That doesn't make any sense. I don't seem to be in there now, so I guess that's good. This entire ecosystem going on here. That must have, like, bears the edge of the roof. It's grown in, I don't know, like four or five inches. Oh boy. Well, that's a bummer. All right, it's going to be some work, but I think we can do it. You may be a bit of an odd bird if you see this and be thrilled about it because, you know, it could be way, way, way worse. Warm up oak beefy arms here. All right. Dispressed. All right. Dispressed. We're going to save a move from heavy sharp roofing. Oh, hey guys. How are you? Oh, hey guys. Oh, it's just barely coming up. We're after it again. Today's goal is, well, it's very ambitious. We got to strip this whole side. Let's growing trees out of it. Hold down. Bah, hold on. Weight. Let's save this one. bases. I now have a roof not only on the shop but the lean tube that was falling down has been replaced and doubled in size. So I really enjoy making these videos and I'm working real hard on them for you guys out there. So if you like this kind of stuff please show your support and hit the little subscribe button. It's totally free. Good luck on your projects out there and we will see you next time on between the sharks. You buddy.