 Right, this week guys we're going to be transforming this garage behind me into a new office utility. First step here is make the electric safe. None of us want to be going bang when we're taking the walls out. So Harry from Sparky's has come in, found the feed into the building, isolated that so then he can then remove all the other plugs and sockets that were in the way. Now the building is safe, what we're going to be doing is removing the door, removing the stud work. Then that also gives us the opportunity to have a look to see what's already in the walls installation might and whether we have to remove all of that as well. Right, we've got the plasterboard off the walls now and we can see the installation. We do have a bit of a problem now. It doesn't meet current building regulations so we're just going to have to rip it all out and start again. This garage did previously have a laminate floor in with insulation underneath. Again, it doesn't meet building rigs so we've had to pull that up to expose the concrete which we're now going to have the fun job of ripping out. We've got various tools such as this breaker, not even being touch in it. So we've had concrete soles in here, big new matted breakers and literally just a lot of hard work. Right guys, now we've finished breaking out. We've put the self-revealing compound down, so I can give myself a level base. We do have some issues there. There are a couple of high spots we couldn't break out where the concrete is still protruding up. So let me show you a bit of slide this. So then what we need to carry on doing is use a grinder to grind them down. Give ourselves a flat base so then we can get the insulation in. Boss. Now we've got the high spots ground down. It's put our damped membrane down which obviously stop any water coming up through the floor. Once that's in, we'll get our insulation in and then our 22mm chip board which we can then do the finished floor on layer. It's now time to move on to the knock-through into that house. First thing we will do is drill a small hole through the wall so we can then mark out on the other side exactly where the door is going. Once we've marred it out, I'll put a level up, get the size of the door I need, cut down the brick work on both sides. Then in some macro props, you'll go put a couple of lintels in. The macro props are steel posts that you can adjust the heights on with using what we call a strongboy which you put in the wall and hold to block work up while there's no lintel in there. What the lintel is is a piece of concrete that is solid with rebar in it. It actually is a structural support to hold the block work above because obviously there's nothing there now. I've got the garage door coming out, brickies coming in so then we can block up the front of the garage. As you can see behind me the wall is now up and all we're doing is waiting for the brick work to go out so then we can then fit the window and the installation is ready to go into the walls which we are currently building in the moment. We've now got the interior walls up which includes a partition wall through the middle of the room. The wall makeup we've gone for in this garage as per building control is a 100mm 4x2 timber stud with a 50mm cavity from the single skin brick work which we are then. We've been putting 100mm of PIR. This gets fitted in between the timber studs which are all around the external perimeter of the room now and then we've also gone a little bit extra on this one. We've fitted a pocket door. Once that's on we'll put a plastic vapor check on which is to stop any moisture getting into the room. On top of that we'll put our 12.5mm plaster board which we then skim and decorate. Now that we have the installation and vapor check up on the walls we can begin with the plaster board in. We'll start on the back wall and make our way around all the walls and ceiling. Before we can begin with the plastering, tape all the joints and put on the corner beads which then allows him something to skim into. This can be a messy job that calms the pro and makes light work of it. Now that the old garage has been completed we need to move into the original kitchen. This allows for seamless finish for the property into the near extension. Calms done a cracking job on the plastering and it's now all finished and drying. This allows us to start on the flooring. Installing this is a breeze. Board slides together and click into place. Slightly large jigsaw puzzle just much easier as I was saying. We did have an issue that we were one pack of flooring short but nothing that Mark couldn't quickly sort by jumping in the van and popping up to the suppliers. As you can clearly see once we get into the utility there is the protective underlay gone down. What this does is given a cushioning effect between the laminar and the floor below. Now we have the floor on. Josh and Pete come back and start the kitchen in and plumbing. As the couch top comes in one solid 3 meter length what we need to do is cut it to length and then cut out the sink. Pete takes his measurements and cuts out accordingly. Now it's just the case of sitting it into the counter and fixing the pipework. Tapes and everything else. Of course giving this a quick test afterwards to make sure there's no leaks which we don't want any flooding in the future. We can shuffle out for the time being and allow Harry to come back in and get all the final fix electrics installed. This is the lights, sockets, switches and brand new electric radiators. Now we have that out the way. Josh and myself can drop back in and make the final finishes to the pocket door. This includes hanging a door and fitting all the screwing and arc trades just to give it the final finish touch. Right guys we just completed the final install here on this little project. If you'd like to follow me we'll have a look around. And here we've got the new utility which we've held to install the appliance. It's full client just to give it a little extra touch. So the washing machine's gone in obviously the fridge, the electric radiators in as well. New hot and cold pour feeds in here for the taps. And of course the brand new wall with the new window which brings a lot more lighting compared to the old dingy garage door. And once you've gone through the utility with this more or less whanky pocket door. Lovely bit of space saving. You'll see the new office space. As you can see it's nice light and airy space. I'm sure a lot of nice fun work is going to happen. And that's the wrap here guys. We have completely transformed this old dark dingy garage into new light office area with the utility which the customers are going to love. Don't forget to like and subscribe and catch on the next one.