 My home two car garage is nothing special. It needs a lot of work. So I'm gonna take it from looking like this A pretty standard size home two car garage is 22 by 24 feet. I call this garage really small. Well, some will call it average There really just isn't much height here at all. That's a big limitation of this garage But you got to work with what you got this is what the garage looks like when I moved in it looks like pretty much every standard Garage out there. So the first thing I did was paint I painted the walls the trim the doors the big beam in the middle the pole and the Ventilation system while I made the garage look a little nicer There was still a lot of work to be done So my first two garage renovation videos. I added storage. I added shelving. I added cabinets I added a new toolbox workbench and cleaned and organized the entire thing and it looks way way better I also improved the lighting as when I moved in there were just two bulbs lighting the entire garage But since that time it's become disorganized again and well it needs a lot of work any better lighting Better flooring better organization and we're gonna tackle all of that in this video It's gonna completely transform this garage and then he's gonna look incredible in finish and it's gonna look pretty much Like a showroom in your house. I'm gonna make this the absolute best 550 square foot garage possible something that I've been meeting to get for a long time and you guys have told me to get And you're right is some padding for the pole in the garage What I love for that pole would not be her absolutely but it holds up a beam and I think getting rid of it would be nearly impossible or Extremely expensive. So I got some padding from Amazon. Oh, I see Somehow I've been lucky enough to not bash any doors off this pole But it's only a matter of time before it happens whether it's me or somewhere else So it'd be good to get some foam on this pole because it's directly in the way of both cars doors Whatever they're in the garage and opening Something else I got is some storage for my jack stands I got a bunch of jack stands different sizes and they're always just laying on the floor They're in the way with the jacks So I got some mounts from Amazon and those will be linked below as well. They just go in the wall. Hopefully it holds them up and out of the way These mounts are relatively simple and aesthetically pleasing solution It gets them up off the floor and on the wall and they hold every single jack stand that I have so it seems to be very Universal I highly recommend these they're budget friendly as well Keep a lot of my drills and drivers here on this wall mounted stand But all the bits and such just kind of scatter about so I got some of these magnet rays and they just hold all those bits for me in a nice easy location I've got a whole bunch of detailing supplies WD-40 glass cleaner and other things like that So I got this wall mount that holds a lot of this stuff for me And I have it over next to the wall mounted pressure washer So it's easy to grab and go whenever I'm washing vehicles again. This is something that's sheep and easy to install And then I could remount my wall mounted broom holder With those projects complete nephew Huyka come in and help me add some more wall mounted garage storage This is really cool stuff because I need to utilize all the space possible in this garage because well, there's just not much space to spare So I'm going to use this Included in this is a wall mounted tool holder that I'm going to use for my Milwaukee cordless M12 tools and then also metal peg boards 31, it's almost 32 Take boards have come a long way the old wood ones are no good, but these metal ones basically will last forever And they came with a ton of accessories to mount all sorts of things to add these underneath my cabinets We're basically all the easy to access tools and tools that I use often so I can just grab and go and after that came some bolt and screw Organization that I'm putting on the wall and basically a dead spot a spot that it's not going to interrupt or cause any kind of Spatial issues and I can well have more organized bolts With all that out of the way we can move on to the lighting I've upgraded the lighting a few times in this garage But none of the LEDs matched they're all different shades of white and yellow the lighting's hit or miss some areas of brighter than others Some areas are darker than others. I just want consistent bright lighting throughout the entire garage And I have the perfect solution Now what's really cool about this lighting system is they just simply snap together one here one here And you just go until you build the entire lighting system or you can do it up on the ceiling and build as you go I prefer to do it all together so when you raise it up, you know exactly where everything is otherwise you got to do a lot of math But another good thing about these lights compared to some other ones that I've seen these are a three pin So they include a ground and in addition to that whenever you snap these together They actually have a little hook or a little clip there so it can't Come on done without you prying that up some of them are just pushed together and hold with friction these I definitely prefer Go now lighting set me out these awesome hexagon style overhead lights They sent me a set of four with three being the same But the very first set in the front were slightly smaller as I have that AC vent there that runs throughout the whole house I didn't have as much width to work with Essings are easy to hang just with simple screws. They're easy to wire in It's just a really great lighting system that you guys can do at home. It's not difficult to do so Now I did keep two of my old LED strips and put them on the other side of the HVACs vents because those vents Walk any kind of light that's on the other side of them with one side of the garage done me and Donnie can all got the other side are really quickly Alright, Sammai. I'm incredibly tired already 34 right here right hand closer to the wall Dude not bad With all four sets of lights installed there's only one thing left to do test them out All right guys, first test, the only lights on are there, but these are all fully installed other than some wiring. We got to finish up the wiring, I'll do that later. Turn that off. All right, here we go. Holy crap. This whole garage is lit. You can see how bright these lights are on camera, but it's hard to describe just how perfect they are in this garage. It lights up everything so, so well. They look incredible in here. This will be a great garage for detailing, great garage for working. Possibilities really are endless now. I'm so happy with this lighting system. These garage lights look incredible. The lighting is so nice and bright in here, but it's not overbearing. The LEDs kick on right away, so there's no waiting for a fluorescent to warm up, and it's consistent lighting. Shot gray Porsche looks great in here. I just wish it was running and driving right now. With all that installed and everything else installed in this video, it's time to clear out the entire garage and get the new flooring in. I want a garage flooring that was going to last was easy to install and look great, so I went with super tile interlocking floor tiles by Armor Proxy. Two different colors. The whole outer edge, like the gray or the light. How much do you have to eat? Before we go and put the garage tiles down, I have to get everything out of here, and that's a lot of stuff. Not only do we have to get everything out of the way, we also need a clean garage floor to start the installation. You don't want a bunch of crap under these tiles, so it's really cool about these things, just how they connect. They simply just snap together. You can do it with your fingers, or the easiest way is just to tap along with a hammer. But for some reason, you need to take a tile up, move some things around, et cetera. You can just simply pull them off, just like that. I think this is like literally the best garage floor solution because they're replaceable, you can get custom colors. They're really easy to install, and they're not going to chip. This is going to look really sweet. There are quite a few ways to cut these tiles, but what we found were the best for a bunch of cuts in a row. Repeatable cuts was a table saw. So I actually got this table saw from Vever, and it worked really well to cut all these and give a nice straight edge for the tiles that go against the wall. That actually did a surprisingly good job. That's a really nice clean cut. The table saw made quick and easy work of the tiles, however, it did leave a massive mess behind. Once we got the edges and the corners cut, laying these down to no time at all, we made quick work of this entire side of the garage. You can see I went with a design of a border. Basically, a double border, the light tile followed by the gray tile, and then your standard checkered in the middle. With the tiles going down, I could finally cover up this weird, pipe slash drain looking thing in the garage. It definitely doesn't drain water, but it's just there, and it's weird looking and annoying. We got a good start. All the tiles are going down. I think we're going to move all that other crap. We put it back up here so we have more room because they're kind of at a room right now. Got to clean the floor and then get back to laying more tiles. With the left side of the garage done, it was time to move on to the right side of the garage, which was a complete breeze. It was really easy because we had the process down, and it went by really, really quickly. We're going to move on to the right side of the garage. We're going to move on to the right side of the garage. We're going to move on to the right side of the garage. We're going to move on to the right side of the garage. So, let's move on to the right side of the garage. We're going to move on to the right side of the garage. We finally finished all of the flooring, which in retrospect really didn't take that long at all. It is so easy to install, but there is still a ton more work left to do in this garage. I couldn't be any more excited with this flooring from Armor Proxy. This looks amazing. I'm not quite done. I still have a good bit more stuff left to do in the garage, but I'm very close and I'm very happy. The lighting, the flooring, the organization cleaning, it's going to be a good place to work. It would be way better if it wasn't so small though it didn't have such low ceiling. But I got to work with what I got. The project is this rolling cart here, which I need because I never have enough table space in this garage, but it doesn't have a bottom shelf. But I have to have a piece of plywood and a table saw that's already out. So I might as well make myself a shelf to make this rolling cart more useful. And if you guys made it this far in the video, a like or subscribe, we'll go a long way. And with that project done, it's on to the next one. There is still a massive mess in the lot of organization and even more builds that need to happen before I can call this project a wrap. It was hard to really picture how much crap I had in this garage. And to be honest, I had this garage fairly organized. It wasn't a total chaotic disaster. But the amount of stuff I had in here was just absolutely insane and going through and getting rid of a lot of it will give me a lot more space and organization inside. That's for sure. This definitely leaves a lot to be desired. I got a pretty much stripped most of the stuff out. I got stuff on the top, which I'm fine with that. That's just random stuff that I can't really get rid of and I'm going to need this future. Everything else needs to be completely reorganized. We'll see if the girlfriend wants to help because this is her thing, organization. And luckily for her, I pressure washed every single bottle and paint can and everything so she's not going to get all dirty doing it. The 996 look phenomenal in this garage with this new Florian new lighting, but I had to get out of the way to do a final cleaning before we can get the final look at what this garage looks like completed. Oh yeah, I still got to figure out what to do with all this crap. Well, someone else can figure out what to do with all of it. That's your progress. She was thrilled I assure you. This is your final product. What do you think? It looks pretty. Good work. Looks much better. And then a few more projects and a little bit of cleaning remained before we can call this garage completely renovated and done. That included this paper towel holder that my dad made me and that I made a custom set of hooks to hold all my detailing brushes. With that, we can call this a wrap. I lover I think I gotta say a total of all of the total items. I people know I put everything in some of my clothes and I have all my things on