 How's it going gang? Paul with StudPak. I'm on the couch in Summer and Rads Garage and I know what you're thinking. StudPak, please, not another garage organizational video. There's a million up on YouTube. What could we possibly learn from you? Well I promise you we're going to show you some tips and tricks maybe you never thought of and how to organize your garage. And we're only going to use two by fours, some three quarter-inch plywood and two different links of construction screws. So we're going to show you how to turn your messy garage that's disorganized full of trip hazards into a garage where you're proud to leave the garage door open. So here's what we came up with. This garage right here is 25 feet four inches wide and we made our shelves 32 inches deep. That's the beauty of the system. You can make them 20, 40, 16, 48. It's fully customizable for what you have in your garage. We got your typical bin storage right here. All of Rads honey equipment right here. All this brule equipment we built in a workbench. We got ladder storage, folding chair storage, corn holes and even a built-in freezer full of all of Rads vines. And remember guys there's not a single nail in the whole project. If I wanted to take out this partition and put in wider shelves here. Once I take the shelves out this whole partition comes out with four screws. If I had a shelf here instead of a workbench I could take the shelf out and easily add a workbench or if we take the workbench out we can easily add more shelves. It's a great system. So in this video we're going to show you all our tips and tricks. We're going to show you how to get around some of the problems we faced and we're going to do it in only 10 minutes. Let's get started. Our wall is already we now have a blank slate for our massive garage storage cabinets. Very first thing we're going to do is build a flat and level platform to build our cabinets on. We've got our client laser set up right here projecting a level line on the wall. We're going to take this 10 foot 2 by 4 and screw it to the studs. It's untreated because we're not contacting to submit. All right guys you know how we love our rare earth magnets. I'm just using that to find the screws or the nails and the drywall and then we're pre-setting our screws. So we don't have the full with those when it's time to put it in. We can just lift our board to the laser line and run in our screws. All right guys we've got this one screwed to our studs nice and strong nice and flat nice and level just like we want it. So we went ahead and we popped this line. It's 27 and a half inches from here to that line and that's going to be a line that we used to measure for our intermediate blocking. If we measure against our wavy wall then our toe kick up here is going to match the wavy wall. We don't want that. We want it nice and straight. So all I got to do but my tape against our 2 by 4 measured to our line. Rad can cut it. We'll throw in. Let's start cutting in our blocking. 27 and 3-8. 27 and 3-8. We got our bases built on both sides. Now we're using composite shims with some lectures so they'll never move to get it perfectly level front to back. We got our bases made on both sides. Got them shim perfectly level. We know they're perfectly flat. A perfect substrate, a perfect base for our 3-4 inch plywood base. We made a little toe kick here. You can make yours whatever you want. Let's screw this down and I got a little piece right here. Before we go any further with the project, we want to give a huge shout out to the sponsor of today's video AG1. What is AG1? It's comprehensive and convenient daily nutrition. It's one of the easiest habits you can get into to improve your daily nutritional health. It's validated by research and formulated for you. AG1 is great for your brain health, your gut health, and your overall body health. And when all those things are firing and all cylinders, you're naturally going to be in a healthy mood. And it's the beginning of February guys. It's still not too late to honor those New Year's resolutions you made, particularly if you want to improve your overall foundational nutritional health. AG1 is really simple to use. 8 ounces of water into their cool bottle. They send you one scoop of AG1 or quick shake and you down it. They've improved the formula 52 times since they started making it. Always to ensure the best product for us. And it tastes great. So check them out at drinkag1.com slash stud pack or click the QR code to subscribe. You're going to get $20 off your first subscription. Thanks so much to AG1 for sponsoring the video. Let's get back to work. All right guys, got our bases built. Then off camera, we set up our laser on the front edge of our top shelf right here where my foot is. And we projected that line up on the ceiling and we put two strips of the recorder plywood six inches wide all the way across 25 foot and that's going to be where we attach the top of our partitions. That actually is next. So we're just trying to use plywood scraps from the remodel in the house. So we ripped some of that plywood into inch and a half strips and I got two of them right here and they are 32 inches long. So I got them right here and I stacked them. Then I got my tape measure and a measure from the bottom of this piece of plywood on the ceiling all the way down to the top of this strip. 101 and 13 16s here 101 and 15 16s here. I was going to explain to you how we're going to do the partition but follow me outside. Let's build one and it's going to make a lot more sense. All right, we've got our two two by fours cut the length we just measured inside. So we've got our inch and a half by 32 inch strip of plywood. We're going to put one at the bottom and one at the top two screws in each two by four for a total of eight. Now we'll screw on the other side go put in our partition. Got our partition made here's how it works. Just going to lift it into place. All right, a little snug just like we like it rad is going to flush it out right there. Got you bud. And we cut that so tight. So now we just put a screw here to connect the top into our plywood and already got two at the bottom. That thing's going nowhere. Now we already know from our laser that the front is perfectly plumb but check out what this back wall is doing. It is falling away, the top's falling away that way like over an inch in that nine feet but that'll be in the back of the cabinets. The front's going to be perfectly plumb which is what we want. So now I got like, I don't know 16 more of these to build. Let's crank them out. All right guys, it's going great. We got four petitions built and we called an audible said, let's stop building petitions and let's get these two racks built so we can take all those bins and slide them in here and give ourselves a little bit more room to work. So we cut some spacer blocks. We're going to just stack them right there. This way we're not measuring. We're not trying to get down there. We just set that on there and that is where it goes. Jordan, I'm going to get out of here. Let you come in here. Let's screw that off. Good. All right guys, just really coming together. We got these two sections here for all our bins. We can store 12 bins right here. The next section is I think, hunting. Is that right, Brad? What? In this hunting? Hunting. Hunting stuff. And then the next section where Jordan is, that's for Brad's brewing equipment. He brews beer at home. Pretty awesome. So the shelves kind of the same way we did over there. We got a 32 inch long cleat. Jordan's putting them up there. You can see how strong these are. These things are solid as a rock. He's got a couple more to go. We've already got the shelf ready. This is how we did the shelf. Three quarter inch plywood. Two cleats underneath. It's going to go like this sitting there like that. A lot of you paying attention, you're going to notice on some of these the plywood grain is running the wrong direction. In other words, we were just trying to maximize the use of our plywood because these are 32 inches deep. But with these cleats, it's not going to bend at all. Jordan, how about there? I got brewing equipment on the way. Nice guys. So we all putting screws in here or not. Yep. All right, let's do it. In this section is done. Woof. All right guys, this side's all done. We finished it last night and some are in rad, spent the evening stocking it up. We got the bends right here. They got six right here. This is the same size, but they're going to get bigger bends later. They just stacked them all there right now just to get them out of our way. And what I love about this system, it's totally customizable. We did a video back like during COVID on garage shelving, but they were all just straight, the same height all the way across. But this is totally customizable for whatever you have. Guys, you got all his hunting stuff here, all his tall, empty gun cases, tree stands, more hunting stuff. And over here on the end, all his brewing equipment. Red, when are you going to start brewing again, man? I need some more your homemade beer. I know. Hopefully now that we have the space, I'll be in. Now that you're organized, right? So in the middle, we're going to have the tool chest underneath, build a work bench right here, another shelf up above. Probably a light right there. There's all our power more than they ever need. You're going to have a tall one right here for ladders and more storage up above. But for right now, we are ready to build three shelves in each one of these. Toss me the tape measure run. So we've got our cleats put in already. And these cleats are 31 and 7-8 inches long. If you remember, our plywood was 32 inches wide. And that's all by design. So I can get three of these cleats at 31 and 7-8 out of one, two by four by eight. Try to maximize the use of all our material. So now we're ready to build these shelves. And I would never measure the width in the middle here, because this two by four could be bowed, right? You don't know what the width is exactly. Kind of like when you're doing blocking if you're framing a house. So we always measure at the bottom, we are 20 and a quarter wide. This is 20 and a quarter. And so is this one. Three shelves on each. Let's head out to the saw. Start building some shelves. I'm building six shelves all the same size. The front cleat is 17 and a quarter. I've got a stop block set up. Got all these scraps down here. Perfect length for our cleat. Let's use them up. Now we're going to use our track saw. Start cutting up our plywood for our shelves. Now we're going to rip them with our saw stop. Got a little piece of sandpaper. Just going to break the edges. Get off all the little splinters. So we don't get splinters. They got a fat one and a half right here. Make room for our cleat. Now we're going to screw it on. And now we're going to slide our shelf in like a drawer. Get it up all. All right guys. Kind of our first problem with using two by fours when trying to build cabinets. We know these aren't going to be straight. They're going to be twisted. They're going to be bowed. So I got my shelf in here and I've got it screwed down on my cleat on this side. Check out what happened here. I'm not flush. Easy solution, right? I've got a longer screw here. I think that's a two and a half or a three because I'm in the end grain. I'm going to drive it in. Now I can use my hammer. Grab the head of that screw and I can pull that stud wherever I want it. Really easily. I'm going to get it flush right there. And I got a screw right here. I'm going to drive that guy into the cleat and that shelf is now going to keep the two by four where I put it. Pull this out. And now we're perfectly straight. They need a little bit right here but that's a great tip to get bows out of framing lumber. All right. Last shelf right over the freezer. Instant built in freezer. Let's go. There we go. Nice. We'll put a couple of screws in that. All that's left is the workbench. So let me show you what I'm thinking. We just made a shelf for the workbench just like we did all these. We recessed it back a little bit so it looks a little more built in. And then we're going to take some of our scraps and go around the left in the right hand side. Kind of make a little backsplash, sidesplash, a stuffed out roll off down into there. This is going to be fine for summer right. That's all they need. A couple coats of clear poly. And they'll have a workbench they can use for many years. Let's finish this up. Perfect. Scoot it in from the back so we don't mess up our nice beautiful plywood backsplash. The whole thing is screwed together. If they ever wear this bench out, they can easily just unscrew everything. Take it out and replace it with either a new piece of plywood or some butcher blot whatever they want. All right guys, there you go. We are finally done with the garage cabinets and they look awesome. And I can actually walk around the garage. I have plenty of room. I could not walk around it all before. I was stepping over everything and tripping over everything. But look how awesome that looks. Again, just two by four, some plywood and some screws, really basic construction techniques and construction materials. And even though we're done with the video, we're not really done with that project. Rad and summer have an awesome, a little bit quality ping pong table. They have killer ping pong tournaments. So you know what's going to happen, right? Somebody's going to launch a ping pong ball up there and we got to go find it. So they ask me if we can build some doors here and we are. They're going to be nine foot tall, six doors that cover the whole thing and they're on tracks. We do everything DIY. Stay tuned for that video guys. That's going to be a wrap on this video. We had a blast making it. We hope you enjoyed watching it. If your like button is kind of cluttered, now you know how to build shelving so you can get to your like button, smash it for us. If you're not a subscriber to studpack, please smash that subscribe button as well. Leave us one of your awesome comments. Ask a question. You can find us on Insta at studpack official and over at studpack two on our second YouTube channel. Thanks for all of your love and support. We'll see you right back here on our very next studpack video.