 Welcome friends, join me today as we take on a full garage makeover. We're transforming our chaotic dumping ground of a garage where even parking is a massive challenge into a functional organized space that meets the ever changing needs of our family. Along the way, we'll declutter, add some fresh paint and personality and introduce some functional storage solutions to help this space grow with us for years to come. I think thank you to Lowe's for sponsoring today's video, but then getting right into this our first step was to clear the garage and prep for painting. When our house is filled, they never finished the drywall in this space and the stripes on the walls just left it feeling so unfinished. So making over this space, painting it was right at the top of my priority list of things I wanted to do. So we started there. But before any painting could happen, we first had to clear everything up. We used it as a perfect opportunity to do some major decluttering. We sold our extra fridge, went through our outdoor decor, ran gear, ran decluttering, some old camping chairs, outdoor throws and just random things we found in the garage too. And we finally got rid of the leftover odds and ends, wood, scrap, paint that had been piling up in our garage from some previous hump projects. Today's the day these piles of wood are finally leaving. We're gonna take them to the dump. Today's is an in here for how long I need to put in here for the tingers. It goes before all of our exploring. It's funny how sometimes you don't really realize just how bad a problem is getting until it's way too far gone. That was definitely the situation here. As we were pulling everything out, I found myself wondering how we let it get to this point. I think because we were still able to barely, but we were able to fit both cars in the garage. I told myself that it was fine, but every single corner of this space had little piles of mess and clutter and things that didn't belong. Honestly, taking it all out was the best possible way to approach it because it really forced us to reckon with every single item that we had in there to make decisions about whether or not it was something that we wanted to keep going forward. I've literally so much paint here that we need to go through. But then with the garage cleared of its contents, we got the space ready to be painted. We used a leaf floor to pick up all the debris on the floor and then tarped everything off. So, you just spent quite a while getting everything just tarped down, taped off for borrowing a paint sprayer from a friend, which I'm hoping will really make the actual painting process a lot faster, but the perk was definitely more intense when you're getting ready to spray. So, verdict on the paint spraying. This was our first time using a paint sprayer. I think at the end of the day, we've decided we prefer using paint rollers over the sprayer. There's less prep work and we found that there was less overall mess, but this was a good option for a larger space and there is something undeniably satisfying about watching the paint go on with the sprayer. So, it has been, well, honestly, it's been a couple of weeks. We've let the paint cure in here, but look at how good this place looks. Already just the addition of paint was such a massive improvement. I love the paint color we went with in here. This is Alibaster by Sherwin Williams. It's just that perfect balance of making the space feel very light and bright, which is important because it isn't that well lit, especially when the garage door is closed, but it also has this softness to it. It's not too stark. So, it's not going to show like every single small scuff. I got our paint as well as everything that we're using for today's makeover from Lowe's. There might go to for all things home improvement and home decor all at great prices. So, a big thank you to Lowe's for partnering with me on today's video. The next steps before the garage where not quite done painting, I really want to paint this door and trim in kind of an accent color just to bring a little bit of life and interest to the space. I'm going to be using, I went to Lowe's earlier to figure it out. It's from the HGTV home by Sherwin Williams collection. It's one of their colors of the year. This really beautiful blue called Delt. So, we're going to paint the door and trim that color. They also want to build out our work area. We ordered a work table from Cobalt that we're going to be setting up. It looks really nice. And also a matching cabinet also from Cobalt. We'll be going over here. We're going to use that to store all of Christopher's tools or paint some other just miscellaneous supplies. Chris Brennier really excited to have a space out here that we can work on projects. I think we're going to use the HLI. Then we're also going to set up some organization systems for our sports equipment, some just miscellaneous items, strollers, our ladder, Christopher's bike, all the things that have just been piled on the floor. We're going to give them a home. This is kind of the general plan of action from here. Some of the bigger bit that we're going to be putting in. But I did also order a couple smaller things too. In the process of painting our garage, I realized that we don't really have a ton of work clothing. Christopher actually ended up getting some paint on a shirt that he really liked as we were painting. So I figured we just need some good like work clothes. Loose carries Carhartt, which I feel like is the workwear brand. So for us, I feel like Christopher and I are just going to share these. I got just a nice Carhartt black t-shirt and then also a long sleeve. I really like this green color. My thought was we can just use these as project clothes. They're super starting to create quality. We can just use these as our go-to for forever painting around the house, working outside. Or just anytime we don't want to have to worry about things getting a bit messy. Then while we're tackling the garage, I also want to tackle the space right outside our garage too. Earlier this year, we mulch all of our flower beds and it looks so good until it's lawn care day when inevitably whether it's from the mowing or they also blow kind of the porch area. There's always mulch to end up just all over our driveway. It looks so messy. So I thought I think it was on Instagram actually. This dominator mulch anchor, but it's basically a glue and it says it's pet and plant friendly. It's designed to hold your mulching place. So it's a lot of the sounds of that going to give that a go. I just ordered all that online. Loads heads free shipping on orders of I think it's $45 or more came so quickly. They also have store pickup, same day delivery. They really make it easy. So shop all your home needs using loads, new finds and check out my description for links to everything. All right, right now I am going to wait on painting the door. I think I could do that later today, maybe tomorrow. I think right now I want to focus on building some of our larger organization pieces. So I spent most of the afternoon assembling. We had three larger pieces. We wanted to put in this sports organizer for all our athletic equipment. Christopher especially plays a lot of sports. It had just a lot of random paddles and balls and equipment associated with each. And with our son quickly growing older too, I'm sure how they'll have plenty of his own things soon. So I wanted to find a convenient way to store all of our sports related equipment together. This looks like it's going to work out great for storing our sports equipment. It's got compartments for I think everything that we need. I'm excited to start filling this out. Some thinking that just building this in place is going to be the way to go. That's to do with a piece of cardboard. So as long as I don't take the table top out of it, it's already on cardboard. Then the other two big pieces I put together were I mentioned earlier the workbench for Christopher. We do a lot of home projects that I wanted to create a space where he could work on things and also have kind of a home base for all of his tools. I love how well built this table is. It's a great size. Okay, let's see if we did this right. So I assembled that and then unlisted Christopher's help for the cabinet, which I love that it matches the table. Both of these were really straightforward to put together, which is someone who's assembled a lot of furniture by time. I really appreciated their great quality. So it's a new day and it's gonna have a ton of time to work on the garage, but who would love to get the store painted. So we're going to sand it down really lightly, wipe it down and then paint. I'm really excited to see that delta blue go on and just add a good of color to the space. So after sanding and wiping it down, I just let the door drive for a couple of hours before going in with I did two coats of paint. And I'll be honest, I was excited, but also a little bit nervous about the blue. It was a pretty bold choice for me. The garage isn't typically a place where aesthetics are top of mind, but to me that kind of felt like the perfect place to experiment. And as the paint started going on, any fears I had quickly melted away, the color totally changed the vibe of the space in the best way possible and added in some personality and creative flair that I didn't even know was missing. So we left the door dry overnight and in the it's mid afternoon now, in the mid afternoon, like I think it looks awesome. So here's what the door looks like after it's been left to dry overnight. I'm loving this delft color. It goes great with the alabaster. Today is the day that I think it's really going to start coming together. Right now, we're about to position so that the larger pieces in their final home, then we get to start organizing. So we really are in the home stretch here. Right now, we just need to make some decisions about where everything is going to go. Basically like we're finished here and cabinet here or cabinet here, we're finished here. Let's try that first and we can put it on like it. Let's go saw this corner. Think that works and we give them the hot water heaters and clearance on either side. Note to self, don't try it organizing your garage during the hottest day of the summer in the future. It's 100 degrees up right now. Maybe a little bit less here in the garage, but I'm toasty. We're not going to let that stuff as though. So let's get to organizing and whenever trying to tackle a space like this, which I'm looking at right now, here's everything that we have to organize. One dealing with just a lot of stuff. I like to start with the easiest things first, the things that I know where they're going to end up, then slowly work my way to the harder stuff. So I think our sports equipment is what I'm most confident in where it's going to end up. So let's begin there. And as expected, organizing this was pretty straightforward. I had intentionally chosen a sports rack that had slots and compartments for all the things we needed. So it was super satisfying to watch all that going. But then while I organized Christopher put up a pegboard above the worktop, just to give us an extra space to store tools. We had it pre-cut so it was really easy to put up. He just attached it to some one by threes that were secured to studs so that there would be some space behind the pegboard for the hooks to actually go. And then he also installed this rubber-made fast track system on the far side of the garage. This was another element that I was really excited about in planning this makeover. It's really easy to install option. I think the start to finish it took us less than 30 minutes. It can help you get the things in your garage off the ground. So they aren't taking up valuable swear footage. Let me take a little break because I know I mentioned it already, but the heat this weekend was unreal. It was around a hundred degrees Fahrenheit every day so I wanted to cool off a bit. But then towards evening I went back out to paint the pegboard, the matching delft blue. I already liked the color of the door before, but repeating the color and painting the pegboard really brought this space together. I feel like it really helps take the garage to the next level. Oh and I will just mention to a quick little tip. If you do find yourself painting pegboard, I went on with really thin coats of paint just to make sure that I wasn't going to be accidentally sealing up any of the holes. That seemed to work well. I just did the same two coats of paint I'd done on the door. All right, today's the day. Let's finish this garage. I'm thinking I want to start with hanging all of the bigger things that we have up using this rubber made fast track system. We're going to use it to hang things like our ladder strollers Christopher's bike, the big stuff that's been just on the ground until now. We're going to put it up so that everything stays organized while still being easily accessible. Each of these racks is designed to hold it's like a thousand pounds. It's nice that we don't really need to worry that way. I guess things are the bike and the ladders. Let's start there. That makes up a lot of space that way. You hang it sideways. Okay, yeah, that takes some pointless space. Okay, yeah, I think I like this better. Well, this officially looks amazing. It's going to be so nice to have all of this stuff off the ground and on the wall. I'm sure we'll continue playing around with it as we get a better feel for what we like wear. But love how easy it was to set up. We've got some extra hooks to play around with. I feel like this is going to work really well and I also really like that. I feel like it's something that's going to be able to grow with this as what we have and what we need changes over the years. It's really easy to swap things out. Then really all of us left that needs organizing is this cabinet and workspace behind me. I got some simple just black plastic tabs that we're going to use to group like items together. Like I'm thinking, one for gardening, one for tools. We're going to get into it and just see what the space calls for. We're going to start with putting the heaviest stuff. So our five-kelin cans of paint. I think probably all of our paint on the bottom shelf here and then work our way up. Trying to fully empty out this cabinet and seeing if I just spray paints in here. Some of these colors we'll totally use but like there's this metallic red chrome color. Can't imagine we'll do that. So I'm just going to try to figure out which ones of these we actually want to use. Let's do painting supplies and one of these tall ones. I'm just going to put all our brushes in the painting cup. Rollers. My cup has a few more things you want to put in here as we go but I think this is good for now. I'm just using my little old school label maker to make labels for all of these pens. I'm thinking of another big one for big tools and drills. At this point I was really just trying to find a home for all the remaining things that we knew we wanted to keep but that we had yet to put anywhere. So I used these bins to create some broad groupings of items. So I did a couple for tools. One for my gardening supplies and then actually a specific one for pots and saucers. Asso realized we have a whole bunch of different lengths of extension cords and we do use a lot of them around Christmas. So I dedicated a specific bit into those. And I also used a handful of smaller bins too for more specific categories like command strips, painters tape, bike repairs, supplies and some miscellaneous items. Then I just added a few final touches to finish out the space. Well friends our garage transformation is officially complete and that I for one I hardly recognize this is the same space we started with. Let's take a quick hop back in time and remember what we started with. And this is what we've transformed it into what it looks like now. I could not be happier with how this space came out. We took this garage from being a tumble mess of stuff to a space where everything has a home. We've grouped like items together, gotten so many of our bigger items off the floor. It feels like our garage has grown several feet. I love the workspace we've added to. It's just decorating for another home project. This space really does feel just so much more organized and functional. We truly have just completely made over this space and turned what I feel like is best described as a dumping ground into a practical garage that's ready for adventures for projects that's ready for family life. And now that we've got that too we also made it a lot easier to park both of our vehicles in here. So I hope this has given you some great inspiration and ideas and how you can organize your garage and turn it to a more functional practical space when that works for you. Let me know what your favorite part of this makeover was in the comments below. And as always if you're interested in checking out where anything is from I'll have all the items that I used today linked up for you in the description box below and a big thank you to Lowe's for partnering with me on today's video. That's everything for today though friends so thank you so much for watching for being here and I will see you all again very soon. Bye!