 Guys, we have been in our house 10 years. If you watch our channel, you'll know that we review cars, review battery, home tech, kind of all of it. And most of our videos are actually filmed inside this garage. Every single time we have to take all of this out. This is like the real world and honestly, I am getting sick of it. We need organization, we need better lighting and we need to figure out how to get rid of these cracks. So today's video, we're going to be doing a little bit of a garage makeover and giving you a tour of some of the smart home tech we have in here. So here's really the challenge. We have a small two car garage. It actually measures 20 by 20. We have two electric cars. We charge them both from this garage. We also film so many videos in here. So we need to find a way to make it look good and also meet all of our needs with three kids, a dog. We have all the e-bikes in here. It's all of our gear, our fridge, car chargers. We have battery storage and I just want to make it pretty. Let's do it. So the first step is obviously to get rid of some stuff, clean up what we have. I bought new storage cabinets from Wayfair. They're pretty cute. I think they're going to help with the organization over here. Also need to kind of condense the situation we have going on over here. I'm feeling nostalgic. I don't know what to do with stuff like this. Like I love this. This is the first Model X patent model that started our channel. Do I hang this up in the garage? Do I get rid of it? Do I save it? Because potentially I might want it later. Put it on set. Oh, to my decisions. So this is almost cleaned off, but then I feel like we're just moving one pile junk to another. The front porch is like complete madness right now. Check this out and everything is being moved. Into this office over here, which needs to have a trip to the Goodwill. We've got a little impromptu garage sale slash just free giveaway. We've got Model X six-liter formats, less than six months of use on them, less than three months of use. These are Model Y formats. Got a little canvas here, brand new, a bike rack. Once you start clearing out one thing, it leads to so much more. And then you're like, oh, this needs to go up to the attic and then you realize, well, then it takes them stuff out of the attic. And then it's just before you know it the whole day is gone. Grodge floor coating, never landed, just showed up. And we're getting everything prepped to be able to get our new floors. I'm so excited. They actually came a couple of weeks ago and we went through all the options and we customized what we're going to be putting inside of our garage today. They have like over 30 different options that you can really customize it to get that look that you want. We've taken everything out of this room. We're going to cover the door, cover our battery system that we're going to talk about later and just kind of protect the things that we don't want dust to get on. So the first thing that they're doing right now is putting a fast drying poly over all the cracks in our concrete floor. This goes down so that you will never really see those cracks ever again. I'm so excited for this part. I hate these cracks. And then they're going to grind it all out before they cover it. This is what is going to be going into our epoxy floors. So you can see we have the black and white but we've also added some crushed mica and some silver into it. It just has like this really light gilling to it and I think it's going to look really beautiful. That silver is just going to pop into lighting. Day three of the floors. The first day was really just prep. Yesterday they put this nice coating over it and it looks so good. Look over here on the side and you can really see the onyx and how it kind of pops out. But then in the shade you don't quite see this much and that's why I'm going to be installing some lighting so that you really get the full effect of it. Also I love this because it's stain resistant and has a lifetime warranty and of course our dog tests that with them the first five minutes. Everyone that comes and walks by our house right now is like what did you guys do that looks so good. And since we filmed so much in our garage I feel like this has such a high impact. Now for the fun DIY that I can actually do myself. So I asked GROC who makes the best hex lights and they led me to hyper light who I then reached out to on Instagram and they sent me some lights and we were actually able to custom design them to fit our garage. So we're going to go ahead open them up and start this little DIY project. This is what we are going to be installing inside of our garage. Now right now our setup is pretty plain. We have these two lights that came with the house that I don't like. Eventually I will be replacing these as well. And then above the garage right now the garage is open but above the garage is where I want to put these so that when we go to film inside of here if it's dark out or the weather is not great we'll have nice natural lighting. So we're able to custom design this to fit our garage is 13 by 20 when it's fully assembled and I can just plug it in. We do have an outlet right where our garage door is so I can just plug it into that outlet. Essentially we're just going to keep building these over and over and over again. All right my new technique is to just lay it out and then have PJ push them together because he's faster at doing that part and I'm faster at kind of figuring out the puzzle. All right we're just about done and I think something is a little off because it says peel here and then if you notice on the edge it has a little loop right here where you put the screw in to fasten it against the ceiling. This side goes to the ceiling which makes me think that this is actually the light side and we did it backwards and it's not an adhesive it's actually just a protection. It's a protection. How many of you have installed something and realized afterwards. So watch this video before you go to do an install so you'll realize that when it's done, peel here. It actually means peel here first. All right, Kim use your brain. This is when you should probably read the directions instead of thinking you know what you're doing first. After the first little mishap here I'm second guessing all of my installation methods that I was overly confident about. I'm thinking because it's so large maybe we just do half of it and we do it in like two separate ones and then we can install half and then put it together on the ceiling. Otherwise how are we going to hold it up there while we're drilling on the ceiling? All right, so awesome. Now once we get it out there we'll just connect it together like this and look at that. Now that is fun. I can turn it right in this right here. Litter. Color snake. DIY it however you want it. All right, we got our tallest ladder. We're going to go up there and see if it reaches. So PJ I have to go get the kids now. Yeah. Come up from school so you can do the rest by yourself. Somehow commence our neighbor to come over and help us. Florida ceiling ratio is about 11 feet and that little bar right there is so greasy from the garage so their hands are getting all black. Anyways I'm glad they're up there and not me. All right, I couldn't just leave them hanging so I ended up up there as well. We were thinking of doing it in bigger chunks and we started in the middle with him. We got that going and kind of the placement and then we just kind of broken it up in assignments but it's so good to lay it all out first so that you can kind of see where it's going to go. However, think fits together. I don't have safety goggles but I have these ones so you did it. Last one. Daddy got screwed. Not the way he wanted to be. The final moment of truth when I go to plug it in will all the lights. Actually light up. Tada! How's it look? It's really nice. It's really nice. Let there be light. Now you guys might have noticed that I did plug it in right here. There is an option to hardwire it but what I'm going to do is actually order a little adapter and Amazon that has a remote so that I can turn it on and off whenever I want. They do make another option that's dimmable. That's not the one that they sent to me but overall it adds so much light in here. I absolutely love it. Now we have to decide where the fun one's going to go. This one is my favorite one because it's so customizable. It's so much fun. Initially, I thought I would put it right here but now I feel like I want it on the wall. It's sort of like a centerpiece. I think I should put it on its side. That's kind of cool. I think that looks good though. Thank goodness for technology. Let's see if it's all looking good right here on this far right here. That's perfect, great. Scalpel, please. Thank you. Is it more? Oh my. That's it. That's all I'm going to get. Before we even decided to do this big roach makeover, we've actually been making some fiddle additions along the way in terms of the tech standpoint. I made a lot of videos over the years covering some of those but I feel like PJ's never been able to come on here and really give you guys his perspective which things are his favorites and maybe what he'd do differently. So PJ, man's man perspective. This is the place to be here in our garage because of course the chargers. This is our Tesla wall charger. This is on a 100 amp circuit as you'll notice. It's signed by Elon Musk. This is a special edition charger that we got as a referral prize almost 10 years ago and Tesla actually came out and installed this as a prize. You might know that we have one of the most referral accounts in the world when it comes to any EV owner, any Tesla owner I should say. And one of their prizes was this EV charger here which again they installed professionally and it does get Wi-Fi updates at least it's up to date software wise. Tesla has upgraded the wall charger so anytime we have people come over that are familiar with this they're like, well I've never seen this before. There's only a handful of these that are signed and in this edition. Now because we have two EVs of course we have two different EV chargers. On this side it's more of a universal one. This is a NEMA 1450 so you've got a 50 amp circuit right here going across and we had this installed about 10 years ago our electrician believe it or not back then EVs were so rare. He came over and he said, are you guys welders? Why do you need a NEMA 1450? We have a lot of other fans here looking chargers but since we were reviews so many different chargers on our channels it's really nice just to have something like this because most of those chargers you actually just plug into a NEMA 1450 and that's why a lot of times when people are new to electric cars and they ask about charging that's usually our first recommendation is just to get a NEMA 1450 installed in their garage and then they're good to go from there. And while we're over here I feel like we should talk about the bikes on the wall. So we installed this a few years ago. This is rubber made fast track system and this is probably the easiest solution you can have if you want to get things up off the ground. You just find this study and they have all kinds of accessories for bikes for balls pretty much anything that you need to be able to let things on to the wall. Now it's not the prettiest solution but it does work for a family like ours where we have five people. Everyone has a bike. Now everyone also has an electric bike and I can just put everything onto the wall so that we can fit both cars in here. Now ideally in down the road and maybe even my next modification would be to utilize some of the vertical space you know turn it into like a test logiga factory in here and get some of the storage up there if I could find like a smart system to move it up there. That would be something I'd be very interested in doing but I do really like these cabinets. I have everything organized inside of them right now and I can just hide it away so it doesn't look as messy when we're filming videos inside of here and then we're going to go over here and this is probably my favorite thing in our house not this. This actually came with our house and I'm just waiting for it to go out and then I'll replace it with a tankless water heater but this right here this is our house filtration system. PJ I'm going to let you describe this. Now this whole water filtration system probably the most popular item in our house just about everyone that comes over asks about it and this right here is the most hands-off device we've had eight years running. Nothing needs to happen to it. There's no change of filters going on. It's all automatic. In fact every seven days around two in the morning or so you'll if you're awake and out here you'll see this cycle through and clean itself out but every single water source, every tap, every shower, every faucet in the house is filtered through and becomes essentially drinking water. It helps reduce the chemicals, the chlorine, the VOCs, all of these that are removed automatically and again no involvement from you. You don't have to have water delivered to your house every few weeks. PJ And if you don't have a filtration system like this, I love it because in the middle of the night when you just want a little bit of water you can just go to any sink in the house and get a cup also if you think about brushing your teeth or showering like all that water now that touches your body is filtered and I feel like it tastes really good. Like I notice a difference now when I travel and I go places where the water doesn't taste the same but our water tastes so good. And the most advanced piece of technology in our garage probably the eco-flow ocean pro setup right here. So we've got a smart panel here on the left. This is an inverter. These are each 10 kilowatt hour battery packs that are in place. So 20 kilowatt hours on the wall and essentially what this does is allows us to hack the system and get the cheapest electricity you possibly can. So with solar panels of course you can charge this from the sun, you can discharge it during the day and get your energy free that way but without solar panels in our case because our HOA is in one of only 10 states in the US that can legally deny you access to solar panels. So they've kept us from getting panels right now but what we can do is with time of use charge these batteries at night. The electricity rate is the lowest and then discharge them during the day so essentially we're able to create our own energy structure here and get cheaper electricity. You'll notice the battery right now 60% charged. If you were to plug in anything like an EV or even turn on the washer and dryer you'll immediately see the numbers here on the smart panel jump up and that kind of shows you how you're consuming energy throughout the entire day but once you open this up so you've got your normal setup here when it comes to the panel and the circuit breakers but you also get an app controlled version of this. So if one of the breakers is tripped you can actually go on to your equal full app. You can individually flip the circuit breaker from the app. You don't have to physically come down here if it were dark. Of course with these batteries it's unlikely that will run out of power long enough to not have light to come down here but it is a nice convenient feature so if something does trip you can just open up your app and boom bring it right back online again. And then right below that this is actually our initial 1450 plug when we originally had it installed it was down here so you can kind of see we have circled the garage right now and down here is where that 1450 was and kind of continues all the way there up a ground at the garage and to the charger. I noticed that the water filter was my favorite thing in the garage but I lied this actually the stock right here. This is my favorite child this is my golden doodle and she is amazing she's nine months old her name is Penny and we got an invisible fence for her this is actually the in-ground system that I was able to custom design to make a fence outside of our house though she was to get out or we're filming like we are right now she doesn't run across this tree get hit by a car and then we also have it in our backyard because our yards are connected to our neighbors yards and our kids have friends and they like to go and run around back there between the different yards so I didn't want to put up a traditional fence but it's really nice to have this because she's not even wearing the color right now because she kind of knows what her boundaries are so once we did that initial training you know I can just like leave her and she doesn't try to get out anymore but I tested it out myself even my kids have tested and it doesn't hurt her it just kind of gives this little like static grouching that kind of vibrates and it's enough we keep it very low and it's it's enough that it's really trained her and above it of course we have our new lights that we just installed these are so much fun because I can change them to all different colors I like this red right now for filming but I feel like it adds a lot to our garage when we are filming videos inside the garage we also have a signed power wall that we have at my mother-in-law's house that is really cool and maybe someday I will add it to our garage too but for now she's enjoying it we also changed up the garage door opener so we did this right before we had our daughter because her room is actually right above the garage and at the time PJ was working a really good late shift you got home at what like 2 a.m. every night he's working and it was so loud I felt like when they built these houses it's part of this plant on neighborhood and I don't want to say cheap but they pretty much do you some of the cheapest stuff in here so we've had to make some upgrades over the year love this because our neighbors open their garage door you can hear it from a couple houses down this is a belt drive garage door opener here from lift master it's got a DC motor that's direct as well so it's extremely quiet when it opens and it closes and the room right above you don't hear much when it opens and closes and that's really key this also has my cue integrated into it which works with Tesla's directly so anywhere in the world from your Tesla center screen you can actually see if your garage door is left open you can open it from there you can close it from there you can do so from the app as well but it all just works together and has geofence associated with it as well so if your car is pulling away you can set it that we're 10 15 feet away from your garage it'll auto-close 10 15 feet away as you're approaching it it'll auto-open now there are newer versions of lift master's garage door openers which have cameras on them that have two way audio connection on them as well so you can communicate with people inside your garage I would really like out of the garage door opener would be to have matter integrated with it I would like to be able to do some smart home automation so you drive into your car it unlocks your love locked door which we do have inside of our house if we do a house tour at some point next and then you know turns on your light turns off your light you can set that whole system up which I think would be really cool but again we would have to upgrade our garage door opener once again right now this one is really nice I love that it's quiet and that was our goal when we initially did it let's go ahead and close the garage door and you'll notice that the light is over here this is the light that we always had to use when we filmed and we don't really need to use it that much anymore so let's go ahead and close it and this is really why I wanted to do this broad makeover because I can be inside of my garage now it can be night time the weather could be bad we can be inside if you're in have another studio space polar cars in do reviews inside of here and it's not weather dependent it's not daylight dependent because these lights really give me this beautiful natural light we can have fun with this in the background but I do feel like there's one thing missing in here that I still need to bring out right I feel like I need to find a spot for this picture this is again we'll start our channel with this car so I'm not sure where it's going to go but I think I need to find a place for it to live what do you guys think right here I think that looks pretty good right some things I don't love are these wires it's kind of an eye sore I need to figure out a way to hide the wires if you guys have suggestions put them in the comments down below also I don't love all these pipes this whole system it's not as as aesthetic as I would like it ideally I think it'd be really cool to get custom cabin tree that fills out here make a little closet that closes this area off then I could still access what I need to but again those are future projects down the road and I want to replace both of these lights still but let me know what you guys think about it if there are things that you love if there's things that you hate or things you would do differently let us know in the comments down below and if you like this kind of video please make sure you're subscribed because we have so much more in the works