 Today I will be finishing up this garage makeover. This video will be the final organization in this project. The first video focused on decluttering and I have it linked in the description and comments if you like to see that as well. I'm going to start this video by organizing our new tool chest. This is from Harbor Freight. I love Harbor Freight. This US General. This is their brand I believe. And we have one here and we've loved it. It's just too small. We can't fit everything. You can see it's in a disarray up here. Yeah, it just needs much better organization. You may have to go to the store to get some more organizers. They do have some Harbor Freight. So I might head over there and try some. We've got this. I'm just a tool down here and then everything just kind of collects right here because we don't have room to put it back. Okay, first I wanted to test out with the containers that I currently have. I wanted to see if they fit. Okay, yeah. We fit barely. That one I think would fit. So I know I'm going to need some bigger ones for sure. Some longer ones to fit the bigger tools. But that kind of works. Oh yeah, this one's much deeper. So I could definitely fit all of these in here if I needed to. Okay, I think I'm going to start with like the screwdriver. There's not one sort of fits. More long ones. This might not work for my husband. He has a hard time staying organized. So this may not last the way that I am putting it in here. So I was going to maybe do the flat heads and the Phillips here. All right, let's try that for a minute. Let's move on. I know he wanted a drawer for bike biking stuff. These are the little needles for pumping up tires. We'll try and make a little bike drawer. Now we need pliers. It's obviously way too big to put in a container. But I could probably use these for some other pliers. What the heck? Oh, this is for sprinklers. So that needs to go. We're going to actually take this tool chest into our shed in the back and use that as our tool chest for all the sprinkler gears. So I'm going to put that up here to take back. All right, I'm going to go onto the next drawer to put in the wrenches. Couple of things of wrenches here. All right, another drawer down. Okay, these are some bigger items. So I'm going to move on. Don't get into the hack saw a lot. So I might get that down here. Yeah, I'm going to put that down here. Oh yeah, the clamps right here. This might take up too much space. We'll see. Hey, more clamps. I think I'm going to have to put the clamp somewhere else. I'm going to put the clamps in here instead. Is this a clamp? I think so. These are just a couple of random extra things we have. Oh, these are for the garage. If we need replacements. Yeah, I'm not going to really just declutter a lot because I don't know what my husband wants me to keep but not keep. Here's another drawer down. This is probably the most disorganized drawer right here. This drawer has all of the screws nuts. Probably some bolts. The other some bolts in here. This is where it gets a little bit more overwhelming for me. I don't want to do this. Okay, we're just going to dig in here. There is going to have to be something with a bunch of random screws. I think for now, until maybe I figure a better solution. So this is kind of where that's going to go for now. I'm just going to put our gillers screws in here. Let's put the measuring tapes up here too. I'd like to have a container for it but I don't have anymore. So it's okay for now. Oh, I have a spot inside for command strip things. That's going to go back inside. Another drawer down. So we're going to work on this top portion here. Hammeres. Yeah, okay. We have a big ol' tape thing. I did not realize that. I don't know what I want to do with that yet. A stud finder. I'm going to put that here. This is more for camping. So I might put this down with the camping stuff down in my basement instead. Oh boy. Okay, got some gloves. I need to make a little basket, I think, for gloves too. So got some more flashlights. Oh, and a measuring tape. Oh, there's another one here. Another measuring tape. Okay, these are going to go back down in the... I think this one. Since I have a lot of drill bits here, I'm going to go ahead and put them... I think I'm going to put them in here. I'm going to move this back. That makes more sense to me. Let's start loading up. Use this for now for all these random drill bit things. I'll work on this later. All the Allen wrench is back here for now. Till I get a container, I might just stop here and go get some containers. Actually, it's probably a good idea. I am going to go to Harbor Freight and get some more dividers, possibly to Walmart or Target, maybe to get some more organizers. So we'll be back shortly. Okay, this is what I found at Harbor Freight. This is a six compartment drawer organizer. I don't know if it's going to be tall enough. We'll see. But then there was also this three piece drawer organizer set. There's three here. So I'm going to see what I think about these. These are deeper. I don't know. I don't know what I think. The gents are out. I mean, these are meant to fit in here. So they look nice. But I feel like this is a better use of space. Wow, the gents are loud. I don't know. I don't know what I think. This doesn't fit either. So now I'm not going to use it for this. I might use it for something else. Let's go back to what we've got here. Yeah, I do think I like this better still. Oh wait, I might want to use it for these fit. No, I may not like this. I think these are probably the same. Yeah, they're the same length as that. I'm not sure I like those. I should have gone to Target, but I didn't. It is summer. I had my son with me and we just too much going on. All right, so we're going to put that in here. Oh, it doesn't fit in here. Well, okay, that solves that problem. Let's take that out. Then it's probably not going to fit in here either. Is it? Oh, it can fit on the top though. Yeah, I guess that's where these are going to go. The level and the, oh wait, right here. I'm forgetting where I'm putting everything. The level and the measuring tape. I'm forgetting what everything is called too. Oh, this is really random stuff. I don't know yet. Wait. All right, I found a few things here. These are filthy. I haven't cleaned them out yet. It's just going to have to do for now. Yes, that will fit. I might say I'm going to put the gloves in there. Put this down here because I think I'll put bikes stuff in there. A few of the bigger things. So this is a charger. There's this new drawer over here that you can put your chargers in here. It's just going to be amazing. This back on, hopefully, it still fits better. No! No, no, no, no, no. It's supposed to. Dang it. No. No, no, no. No, it's not deep enough. Dang it. I can't put it on the side. That still isn't going to go in. That really makes me mad because we were super excited about this. Well, we're going to have to figure something out. So for now, I'm just going to take the whole drill and put it in here because that works. This thing has filled up super fast. I kind of told my husband I said, I think we're going to be using a lot of the space. Okay, and then I've got our skill saw. Let's put that there. We got our circular saw. Let's see if we could get this all to fit in here. Okay, it sort of fits. I guess I just need to put this. So that worked. Not really. Dang it. Let's hope that that would fit in there, but it's not. So I put it down here. It's really hoping to avoid that. All right, I'm getting a little tired of doing this. That's okay, but I'm just going to figure out how to wear to put the rest of the stuff just for now. Let's just put this stuff. Let's put it in here for now. I think right now I'm just going to take the battery out. Just leave it there for now. Put that in there. You gross. Somebody thought this was garbage. I decided to put their used tissues in there. That's disgusting, but I'm pretty sure we've emptied all of the drawers in this. It's an entire thing. Okay, I'm just going to switch these out. I'm going to move this one out of the way and we'll take it back into the shed later when my husband's here. You can help me with that. All right, let's move this out of the way. Said I don't know if I want to keep this or not. I haven't decided yet. Got to make some space for this bigger size. It'll just. Good enough. Come on. Go the way I want you to go. There we go. There we go. There we go. This is not as much space. So I might have to turn that this way. Yeah, I might have to go like that and then if you need to open our door, I just can't open all the way right now. Let's be moving it. Just fine. This needs to be over more as we can get in the house. Easier. That looks so pretty. We decided to go with blue because we wanted to change. I don't know. Okay, so at least that part is mostly done. I still need to finish organizing in here. So I have some new shelving and things that I want to put on the wall. So I might try and do that a little bit right now. We'll see. Again, my goal is to get everything off the floor here in the garage and there's still quite a bit on the floor. So yeah, we're going to move on. Actually, I do need to deal with this stuff. This is what's kind of bugging me also. I've just kind of stacked some things that need to go inside the house when I was kind of organizing out here. Oh, I still need to decide what to do with this vacuum. I really, really just haven't used it much. So, you know, it's going to make a decision. I'm going to get rid of it. This was an old vacuum that I used in my house years ago until I got a shark vacuum. I got kind of tired of having this canister one that you have to pull around. Plus, you have to have bags to refill in this. Yep, this is going to go to the donation center. It still works. It's just not the best. And when I want to clean my car, I actually just bring out my shark vacuum. Anyway, I'm not ready to go to the donation center yet. Just set it aside. I keep doing that. I keep setting things aside, which is not a good habit. That's okay. It's just how my brain works sometimes. And then this, also, I don't know what I want to do with. Don't know if I want to keep it bugs inside this. I don't know. Yeah, I'm not going to keep this one either. It's just taken up space. Okay, I just need to take this inside and get it washed. A lot of most of the stuff I just need to take in. Right, these stairs are cleared off at least the bottom part of the stairs. Sorry, we've got some jets. We're really loud right now. Just fine. They're practicing for a show. Okay, one of the things that bothers me the most is the chairs. I had them laying on this thing right here. It just didn't work because my car's parked right here and it hits this all the time. So I really want to get this out of the way. So I decided to try this. This is a wall storage rack. And my idea is to lay the chairs on these. See, I mean, you can put shelving, you can put pieces of wood on it. This one even has a ladder hanging from it. Yeah, I'm going to try that. I'm hoping I can stack like two chairs on each of these. So it'd be two, four, six, eight, 10. I could put up to 10 chairs, which I don't need 10 chairs. We only need six. But then maybe we could put something else on it too. I need to decide how I want to do this because I want to put that on this wall here. This, it's too big. I feel like to fit down here and we're not going to use it all year round. It's just going to be a couple times in the summer. We do use this umbrella all the time for soccer games as well as this thing that we poke into the ground to hold it up. So I have to figure out to do that. And that possibly could be put on that rack as well. And then let me think about this a little bit more. I'm just making sure that I'm thinking this through really well before I start making holes in the walls. Sorry, it is really bright. I apologize. Yeah, my house is west facing and all the sun is now coming in. I have a couple of shelves that I did buy, but I also want to put some shelves on the other side to put helmets and toys. And I wanted to put maybe, oh, I don't know what I'm going to do about the basketballs and stuff. Oh, I was going to maybe put make a little thing that you put like bungee cords. And then you can pull them apart and put your basketballs in and out. I might try that or hang some baskets on the wall. Yeah, I think I know that I want the chairs to go here and maybe put a shelf here. We like the ladders right here. I wanted to be able to put, have a spot to put these two stadium chairs. Well, we have one here and one in our other car, I think. But I'm thinking that they can hang on the bottom of this storage rack that I'm talking about for right here. Yeah, let me just move everything and then I'm going to pull it out of the box and see what it looks like. I can't remember, but I decided to keep this crate. I can use it in here to store stuff. So I'm going to keep it. I could use this bucket too. I'm just going to put these in here for now. To get those out of the way. Forgot what was I going to do with this? This stuff is expensive. That's why I haven't thrown it out. It's a couple years old. I don't know, I might have to look that up. He's going to an umbrella. I threw away all the other ones that we have. I don't think I need to keep this. I'm just going to throw it away. This goes, I'm going to put on my neighbor's wall for her. Watch a garbage. These stakes, I think they needed to go with our, I think they go with that umbrella. All right, I'm just going to move this aside. Wally decide what I want to do for sure. Okay, let's open up this wall storage rack thing. All right, I did get this on Amazon and I'll leave it linked if it's something that you are interested in. I wanted them not to be too far out. All right, I have my handy dandy stud finder, which is also from Amazon. Okay, I'm going to make sure I can see if I can find a stud over here, thinking maybe of having the chairs here and the ladders here so that we can open the door a little bit easier. So we're going to try that. I may even consider putting the chairs on this side. This is the side that my husband parks. His car and his car are shorter. The doors don't go up high and wouldn't hit this. So I have to do a little bit of thinking here and decide how, how exactly I want to hang everything. So this is kind of tricky. I'm struggling trying to figure out exactly where to hang everything. So I'm going to think about it for a minute. Yep, and we'll see what we decide. I think I figured out what I want to do here. I'm pretty sure I want to do, I do want to put the chairs here and the ladders here. Okay, I got these set up on the wall. I'm pretty happy with them, but it's very, very sturdy. And I stuck this on here. We have two stadium seats. I'm just using the little strap because it doesn't fit through the bar on both of them. And I just kind of slid it on here like so. So I'll put the other one there. And then we've got our umbrella that we use for a soccer. And I'm going to stick that up here on the top. Okay, and then I'm just going to grab all the chairs and start loading them up. I'll be put the ones we use out the most here. The only thing I am concerned about hitting these with our bodies, but this is the back of the car right here. And usually we're getting out of the car here and walking up or on the other side and walking up. So I'm not super concerned about it. Plus it has these plastic things on the end, so it's not sharp at all. All right, let me add the other ones in here. So that's two, four, and then I just need two more, which would go right here. I could even fit a couple down here on the bottom if I wanted to, but I'm really happy with this. This just feels amazing to get these off the floor. Okay, I have this new system that I found at Lowe's. It's a Gladiator gear track system. And you hook on little hooks here. I'm going to use this for the ladders. And I believe that you just screw in anywhere you want for it to fit into the studs, which is exactly what I'm looking for. So I'm going to put it here and hang up the ladders here. Let's give it a shot. Well, here goes nothing. We're going to screw this into the wall right there. Aw, dang it. What? For help just died. Oh, bugger. Dang it. How am I going to get this out? Oh, there we go. I'm going to change the battery here real quick. Good thing we have another one. It's all charged. Ready to go. Okay, so I purchased these hooks. I really hope this doesn't hit the door. It's a car, but I don't think it's going to. It's not quite as far out as these things I put up for the chairs. I really think that's all. Yes, oh, I don't know if that's far enough part. So let's put the ladders on and see. This is high enough. I think it is. So let's try that. A little concerned about it being too heavy, but says it holds 50 pounds. You think this is less than 50 pounds? I'm considering putting another one on just to give it some more, but I'd have to go buy another one. So this is what we're doing for now. I mean, this one is super light. I really have to have it high. I don't like the heat. A little bit too top heavy. It's okay, actually. That works. That feels really good. Hopefully these are sturdy enough. I'll see what my husband thinks later, but I think this will work for now. Maybe we'll add on another one here pretty soon, but these are off the floor completely. Yay. Yay. Yay. All right. I know this lighting is not flattering, but it is what it is. Again, it's 630 in the evening on a summer day, and it's really hot outside. It's 90, 92 degrees right now. Anyway, so my garage is halfway closed, so that it's not flaring sun in here, and I've cracked open the door to try and get some airflow, but it's hot. So I needed the garage open just to have a little airflow, but I'm really happy with what I've done so far today. I was able to hang up these two scooters on some hooks over here. I really wanted them right here so that they're right by the garage door. We didn't really like them. We had them up here before, and I didn't like them here because they could hit the car, and that just caused a problem. And then I did put some hooks here for our shovels, which I enjoyed having them here. So I'm going to keep them there. I think it's a good spot. This stuff, I'm just going to keep here for now. And then we put in these shelving units here. I went to Home Depot. I did buy a few things on Amazon, and I decided not to use them. I'm going to send them back because they were two feet deep, which is too deep, because the car comes to like right here, and that's basically where it would be, and people would be hitting their heads coming out. So I decided to do just a one-foot thing, and I was feeling very impatient, and I didn't want to have to wait for something to ship. So I decided to do that. I'm happy with the results. I was thinking of putting even these, I have these two basket shelving things that I don't even know why we haven't used them. I don't remember why they were here. I think they were here when we moved in, actually. So I was thinking if even just putting them here, if I needed some extra space, but I'm probably going to put some more of these shelves right next to these here. So for now, that's what I've done. I've stuck a basket of bike helmets, and then motorcycle helmets up here, and I'm going to see what else I can fit on these shelves here now. I do want to hang some of our sports equipment and stuff here with some of the hooks. I think that that will work well. So yeah, that's what we're doing so far. So let's keep moving on. This project is taking forever. It just is in the summer with kids needing me all the time. Tomorrow, we're going to take the day off and go to the water park, which is going to be super fun, because again, it's going to be 90 something degrees really hot. Okay, so I have this little spot here that is our stairs and our door up there. This has no studs in it, and so I figured a really good spot to hang. My wreaths would be right here. So I've just got these hooks. I will leave the link down to all the hooks I got. They came in a nice package, well, most of them from Amazon, and I'll just leave it down below. If I can remember to link it, I actually really like them. I guess we'll see how they last, but they seem like they're sturdy in the last for a good long time. So I'm just going to go ahead and finish putting this one in. All right. Oh. Okay, as of right now, I only have two wreaths. This is a perfect place for them. There's one, and I'm going to hang you the one right here. Ha. Perfect. I have this shelf as well. So I could put another one of these up. I don't know if I want to do right next to it. Well, I guess I don't, I don't think I can have to do it here. And then maybe I could hang the bag, a bag here for balls. I don't know if I need this or not. So I'm going to wait and see. All right. So I did buy a couple of bins. So my hope is that these are going to fit perfectly on these shelves. You're okay. I mean, they spoke out a little bit. I'm okay with that. I mean, this was a set of three. And I think they were on self like $18. So that's a pretty good deal. So I'm going to try that. I'm going to put the tubes in one of these. So yeah, let's just keep moving on and see what we can get done here. All right. We kind of have big dreams for this garage. Just do what we can here for now, at least, right? Okay. So let's get these tubes in here. I can throw this box out. We'll toys one of these days going to test these out to make sure they still work. But as of now, you know, I don't think that one works. This was kind of a little kid one. I'm going to throw that out. And then this, oh, this is like the tiniest inner tube. These were like dollar tree or something. I want to throw those out too. We'll keep these balls, peach balls. And then this is a huge big flamingo tube. So let's see if we can get this to fit the lid on. I do love these containers. I have these in my house too inside. There we go. Okay. That appear curious to see if this bin will fit here. Looks like it will fit okay. The only issue that I'm having here is the lid. It's like the lid is fine on this one because we don't get into this often. But if I were to put a lid on this one, which is where I'm thinking of keeping like frisbee's chalk, baseball mitt, will that be a pain to have the lid on? I don't know. I think it's worth a shot though. I'm probably going to try it because I don't know. It just seems kind of worth it to me. Really not much in here as of right now. I might find more stuff. Okay, let's put the lid on it. I don't think that's going to be a pain getting the way the car. So yeah, we're going to keep that there. Now, do I want to put one in for the helmets? Do I want to just keep those in this basket? That's a question for that. Don't know yet. I have these swimming ring things or whatever these are. Floats and toys. I'm going to just put those here. I might even just do this. It's not the prettiest, whatever. Sometimes I just not worried about pretty. So we just put that up there. I'll put these here. Let's see. Actually, I'm going to scoot all this down. I want to be able to put the things we access more often here. These are not quite as often. So I'm going to put them down further. Scoot these down. Seems sturdy enough, doesn't it? I have this hook back here. I don't know if you can see it, but I'd had that on before. And it seems pretty sturdy. So I'm just going to use it. Put these on it. I don't need to put these on the shelf. These can hang fine here. Unless I decide to put all the balls here, which I might do or off with the balls here, I don't know. I might switch this over to here and then hang a little basket. That's what I'm trying to figure out. I'm trying to figure out a basket or thing that I something that I can hang from from the wall. It's off the floor to hang the basket balls. I'm going to put this here. I don't really care from that like that. Let's just go like this. Nope, not going to do that either. Just go stick it here for now. Just going to put this up here until I figure out if there's something else I need to put in here. I don't know what to do with these. I really just don't really kind of just don't want them, but I'll go. What do I do with these? I just want to add a little hook hanging from here or I can go like this. Let's see if this works. I'm going to switch these here. Yeah, that works pretty good. I might just do that. Okay, now I have a baseball bat. Not exactly sure what to do with that. It actually could hang. That was bigger. No, it actually kind of works. It might fall out though. I'll try it for now. See if that works. Oh, I wanted one of these for the camping supplies. Actually, I might take this and use it for the camping supplies. I might have to go get some more. I wasn't sure how many I wanted to get, so I didn't grab a bunch because I didn't want to have to return them. Actually, I did buy some Sam's Club 2 because I saw them on cell there before. I was at Costco. These were a better deal. They were a little bit smaller, which I wanted for these shells. So maybe, maybe I'll use those for the camping stuff. Plus, I need one actually for Easter. All right, there's still some things up above on the big shelf up there, but I'm just going to put in what I have down here because I wanted to get this stuff out of the way. This is kind of dusty and that's why I want to have a lid on these. I'm going to go out some salt and pepper. It is clear closed, so I'm not too concerned. Or whatever. If we eat a little dust, it's not a big deal. Okay, so I don't need this one right now. These, what I think I'm going to do is I'm going to see, oh boy, I don't know. I might undo them and see if they stay inflated because if they don't, I think we're just probably going to get rid of them because we do have some other ones. I'm going to probably let my husband decide on this. Help me figure that out. I'm going to get rid of this box. I'd rather have the bins. Yeah, I'm going to get rid of that. Okay, I'm doing a little bit of rethinking on this just a tiny bit because I want to be able to put our canopy. Instead of having a pie, I think I want to put it up here. I was thinking of adding some shelves up here, which I still could. Actually, I was thinking of putting a shelf up there to put the gas cans on. I think that I can move this stuff around to make room for the canopy right here. I'm going to try that out. I'm actually thinking that maybe I'll hang this. I don't know here, maybe with actually, I don't really love these down here. So I might hang these on the wall over here too. So I don't know. We'll see. Let's see how that works. I think it's plenty sturdy. I like that. Yeah, I think I really like that. I could still put this here. I could even put a hook. Nope, that won't work. Yeah, I kind of like the idea of having a hook here for this. We have two of them. So I would need a hook that sticks out far enough. I still would like to put up a little shelf or something here to put the garden stuff on, but it is getting pretty tight. So I could put it on the other side. Let me think about this because here's my dilemma with that. And it's silly. It's that I want these things kind of in zones. Let me show you what I'm talking about. So I kind of like how these are zoned. We have toys. This is what I could do. I could put the garden stuff here. That's what I'm trying to say. I could put the garden stuff here, but I don't love that there's toys, toys, garden. Is that kind of ridiculous? Probably a little bit. Really, there's not much. And this would fit perfect. Actually, I might just be okay with that and just not worry about my, I don't know, perfection here, just how it goes, right? A lot of perfection. I might just do that and call it good. We don't have a lot of other things that need to go on the shelves here. So in fact, I could put the gas cans up here. I might do that. Let's try that. Right now, they're not really super full. And I don't really think they're going to be when we fill them up is when we take them to our cabin. Yeah. I mean, that works. That's probably the best idea. And I don't have to put up another shelf there until we need one, which we might as of right now, looks like I have room for everything we need in here on the walls. Okay, there's one thing that wagon. I might get rid of the wagon. Yeah, I might get rid of the wagon. And I might just put this up here just to have it, because I don't know if I really want to get rid of it. And it gives us more space if we needed it. I could put this here. I really feel like though I want the balls here. So these don't need to be hanging. You really don't. We have plenty of room up here. I could just go like this. And I could put these in a bin if I wanted to. I just don't want to. And there's plenty of rooms. All of this right here. So yeah, that might be my best bet. Then I can hang a mesh net here to put the balls in. I'm going to do that. Yeah, I think I'm going to do that. I'm going to hang this here. I'm going to see how I like that. But I think I like it. And there's still a little bit of space over here if we needed to. And if we ever needed to go up high, we could just don't really need to at the moment. It doesn't need to be perfect. I like for it to be as even as possible just to make it look nice. All right, that's going to go there. I'm going to show you what I'm using here. I love these drywall acres. I'm sure I just get these at home people. You could probably get them most anywhere. These are my favorite. They work really well. So let's get a couple of those going. Easy. Easy. You hear that anchor crack in there? That's a good sign. Ta-da. So I did just have a thought that I could put this instant crate on it. All right, let me show you kind of what I have in mind for the basketballs. Now, obviously, this is not what I want to use, but it could be kind of like this. I think in more of a long skinny one so that they're one after the other. And there's also a thing where you, I think they're just like, what are they called, bungee cords? Kind of where you can just kind of pull a bungee cord and stick the ball in. But I haven't been able to find anything really what I want, except some of them you have to put on the floor. It is possible that I could hang some of those. So I'm going to spend a little bit of time just looking and seeing if I can find something. I really would like to get this done today. So if I could go to a store to buy this today, that'd be awesome. And then I would be done. Well, okay, I have one more thing. Well, I could put that up here actually. I'm going to do that. I have some ice melt here. This is pretty darn heavy. I don't even know. Oh my gosh. Probably okay. Yeah, I think I'm going to do that. Then that's off the floor. I mean, I have our scooters on the floor, the electric scooters, but those are really going to be something that would be hard to hang. And I don't really want to hang those. My son uses one, one of them quite often. The next step here is to finish organizing the tool chest. I bought some other bins and baskets from Target. That's what I'm going to move on to that. I think next here. Because I think right now I'm done with what I could do here. I am going to search online real quick and see what I could find to put here. This is a thought just for now. I don't know if it's going to work for now, but you get the idea, right? Okay, I have another hook that came in that kit that I bought from Amazon with a bunch of hooks. I have one more hook here. I think I'm going to go ahead and just use that for this. What are they called? Stadium seats. Yeah, I'm going to do that. I'm like 90% sure that this is not a stud. So, but I'm going to go ahead and these aren't super heavy at all. So I know that these anchors will hold it just fine. I'm going to go ahead and drill a pilot hold just to make sure that these aren't studs. No. Perfect. This one may end up going to the donation center. We already have two. It's really just the two of us that use it. There we go. Those are off the floor, off of these. Perfect. All right, I'd like to get all this stuff cleared off. This was just stuff I was using to organize the grudge. And then I have some bins here that I bought from Target to organize inside this. So let's go ahead and look on that. I have just a couple of hooks left in here. So I'm going to hang on for these hooks here. I can take this back probably because I didn't use it for the ladders. And I have a few things here to take back to Harbor Freight. I've got these organizers that I didn't care for. And I have one more thing down here that I need to take back. So just put these in the pile of back. All right, I tried to get gray to match. I don't know, just I thought gray looked better in here than white, but they didn't have any more of these. So I had to get some white same with these. No, actually, I got these from my friends bathroom. I forgot. So I'm going to put these aside. Yeah, I don't know if I've talked about these. These are my favorite organizers from Target. I'll link them if you'd like. They're just super sturdy. And then these are super cheap. These come in a set of three or two or four, yeah, depends on the sizes like this is a set of four, this is a set of three. But they are flexible. And I can't remember, but this is maybe two dollars for three of them. Maybe three, I can't remember, but I know that they're really, really inexpensive. And they have a bunch of different sizes. So they have this size. And then they have this size. All right, so let's go through this again and see what we can arrange in here. Probably works. Okay, for now, I like how that looks. Oh, okay, this is kind of where I needed more. These obviously didn't stay here. I'm not going to replace the white ones right now because I don't have enough. I'll be kind of nice because if we need to take this out, we can just grab the whole bin. I'm going to even have more space. I might even go like this. So for now, we're going to leave that door like that. Let's move on to this one. I don't really need to do much in here. Let's just keep it like this for now. This is where I can do a little bit better organizing. I guess we can keep this. Oh, I thought one that was broken. Oh, darn it. Shoot. I might go take that back. Just going to put it all in here for now. I don't want one that's broken. Let's do that. Make sure that still fits. Yeah, make sure that closes. Okay, we're good with that. I don't love how it looks, but that's okay. It's going to have to be that way. All right, let's put the extension cords in here. Most of this stuff really can't go in a container. All right, again, I talked about this. We were disappointed because the bigger battery doesn't fit in here. Now the small one does. The bigger one does not. So we're going to need to keep this made right now. Let's try to go here with a smaller one. Maybe that's just what we'll do. Let me plug it in down here. I think I've already got it pretty well organized. Let me put the drill back here. That fits pretty good. Okay, so I have this package here from Amazon. I bought a little thing here that I can put in our basketballs and just other sports balls in that we need to in our garage. So let me get this open here. I'll link that also. So you want to build this from from the bottom up. Now all we need to do is hook in these bungee cords. All right, this is where we're going to set it up. And I'm probably going to eyeball this, but I want it to be off the ground. And not very sturdy. Dang. I might have to readjust this and have another hole in the wall. No, I don't know. The balls aren't that heavy. Maybe I'll just keep it how it is. I'm not worried about it until it breaks. We'll see. Okay, so now the only problem is that we can't stick them through here. We can stick them through here. Oh, I'm not sure how I like that. It's going to be banging. We could screw it into the cement down here. I'd have to have my husband help me with that because I don't know how to do that. I might redo this. Like I said here, I can't put the balls in up here. They just have to be input in here, but that's okay. The only thing I don't like is that my kids love to just toss it in from afar. I'm not going to be able to do that though. I could move it eventually if I changed my mind. Maybe to a different spot where I don't have the shelf right above it, but there's not a lot of spots left for that. So yeah, I think that's better than I can just get rid of this. Then with that laundry hamper thing that I was using before, I like that better. It's still not fabulously sturdy. If I had it screwed in down here at the bottom and the cement, it would be much sturdier. But now, come take your ball. This one's flat. So that's, oh, yeah, that's not going to really work great as that. Come take your ball out. So we need to screw it into the cement. Well, we're going to test it out and see how we like it for a while. So there you go. I'm quickly going to go ahead and just take you through the garage here to show you what we did. These are the shelves that we put our chairs, our umbrella, and our sun canopy on our easy up, whatever you want to call it. Here is where we're hanging our stadium seats. Again, everything is off the floor. We have our ladders right here with this gladiator shelving. I don't know what you call these. I can't remember, but I'll make sure to link everything that I used that I can possibly find down below if you were interested in any of it. Here's a step ladder. This just made sense to me to have it next to the ladders. We really only have one long extension cord. So here I hung it here. Again, these little hooks here, both this one and this one. And then most of the other hooks around, they came in a pack on Amazon and they work really great. So and then here are the hooks that we use for the pulleys for our bikes that are up here hanging on the ceiling. Again, I talked about that a lot in my first video. Love these. Make sure you get them if you need space and you have space to put them up on the ceilings. I talked again about this in the first video. We just kind of organized and went through that in the first video. This is just where we keep a bunch of stuff that we don't get into often like camping and Halloween and Christmas decor. This is the tool chest that we worked on in this video. Brown new one. We love it. It's been working fantastic. And over here, this corner is still bugs me a little bit. I decided I'm going to keep this. I just don't know where I'm going to put it yet. I'm considering putting some shelving somewhere along this wall. It's possible that I will do that. And then this bike rack, we are probably going to get rid of, but we need to buy a new one first. We really do not like this one. I don't know where we put the new one yet. So we'd have to figure that out. But this corner just, I was going to try and redo this, but I just didn't, I didn't worry about it. It works fine. This is where I keep my brooms and a big old level. And then our air compressor down here on the ground. This is about the only thing that is on the ground. All right. Let's go to the other side. I got hung scooters again on those hooks that I talked about that came in a pack from Amazon. These hooks here also came from Amazon. They're longer hook. Okay. So again, I hung winter shovels here. And then this is just a little ramp that they use for their scooters. Here is where we have just all of our oils and car washing things. Right here is where I hung up some of our rackets. And then I just have our baseball bat hanging there. We don't get into that or use that very often. So who knows, we might not actually end up keeping that. And then up here, I have our bike helmets. Here's some more kind of outdoor toy activities. We have our pickleball sets, spikeball, rackupall. And then over here, we have just some of our fun outdoor activities. There's a frisbee and baseball bat and chalk. And then this actually needs to kind of go on top of this. We just took this out over the weekend. You can see there's sand all over it. This is mostly just like tubes, summer type tubes, and then the sand toys. And then up here, we have a couple of gas cans. This was just a bin of a couple of extra bins that I want to keep. But I'm just going to go ahead and keep, no, they're really dirty. So they need to be washed. Somebody suggested using this bin to put my ice melt in, which I really like that idea. It is really heavy. So I try to put it on one of these that has the stud right here in the middle. And then just a couple of the things, the motorcycle helmets. Okay. And then down here, this is where I have my garden stuff. And you can see there's there's really not very much. It's just basically a couple extra hose connectors and some flower food. And then you just saw us put this up. And you can see it's off the floor. Okay. And then I decided to keep this instant crate. And I put all of the tie downs and some bungee cords as well. And then right here is a golf cart that we hung up for my son. We're hoping to get this repaired. It has a missing buckle. But if we don't, then he's probably going to get a new one anyway. And then this is where we keep our two electric scooters. One is not in here right now. My son's using it. I don't love how the cord is on the ground. So I may possibly find a way to keep it tied up here. But as of right now, it's not a big deal. Again, I've got my little fantasy self drawer there, but whatever. I think I decided, I just stuck the wagon in here. I decided that I'm going to keep it here for the summer. If we don't end up using it, I'm just going to go ahead and send it to the donation center. We don't really use it. There's a rope tied to it. My kids used it as a toy pulling friends around and I don't know. They just did a bunch of stuff with it. So and then I hung my wreaths right here on this little spot. And again, we have another bike hanging right up here. So there you go. And you can see how my car fits fantastic in here as well as my husband's car. You can also see that getting out of the car, there's plenty of space. You don't hit anything. And then when the kids get out of the car, there's also plenty of space to get out. It doesn't hit the ladders or anything. So that's awesome. And again, I usually walk up around here. So I have plenty of space to walk around here to go up the stairs into my house. I mentioned that this video is part two of my garage declutter and makeover. So if you haven't seen the first part, go ahead and click the video right here to go watch that. And if you enjoy decluttering and cleaning and organizing videos, please consider subscribing. I appreciate you being here today and I will see you next time. Bye bye.