 As you're garage a disaster zone always running out of space I'll show you how I transformed mine built the coolest storage system you've ever seen that doubled my space added killer style and saved thousands of dollars. Money, money, money, money, money, money, money, money, money, money, money, money, well except for one massive costly mistake. I mean either we're just gonna have to take it all out. We're just gonna have to redo it all. That's all there is to it. Welcome to Hacksman Y'all. With no place to go for my tools and supplies this is what my garage looked like one year ago after finishing every one of my YouTube project videos. And that's because what I actually need is this. A workshop. But workshops are expensive. Show me the money. Show me the money. So until I can build my dream workshop I'm just gonna have to make the best of what I have with this garage. And that meant the first thing I had to do was clear everything out of here so that I could figure out where to begin. My goals for this garage makeover are number one I want to maximize storage. Number two I want better lighting. Yes it's true I've never been seen in the same room as Batman but I do not want to work in a back cave. I'm Hacksman. Number three I need new flooring. And number four I gotta have style. The series right here always keep on my plywood and extra wood and everything. So what happens is I have the wood there and then I end up just buying new wood because I couldn't get to the wood that was back there so I go buy a whole new sheet of plywood. So first up I'm gonna build a mobile plywood cart. Let's see what's in the shit here. Let's see if I can save some money. So I keep all extra wood, my lumber and whatnot. I don't have any plywood out here but I got some MDF that would be heavy. Some OSB. Oh snap I gotta smell a mean out here. I ain't even know I had that. That would actually work really well because the plywood would slide across that nice and easy but it's white and that just ain't going to match you know. I think I want to use this OSB and I'm just painting it black. I'm not gonna be. Ah, it's going to be. I'm cutting this sheet of OSB down to three foot by six foot and that's going to be the size of my plywood cart. And the frame for this plywood cart is naturally two by fours. Now when you work on projects like this where speed is of the essence you can't beat a good old fashioned pocket old jig. I look to see if I could find my four foot drill bit but I couldn't all I could find was this 18 inch one so it'll have to do. Right now whenever I get home with any sheet goods from the hardware store I have to carry those sheet goods into the back of the garage or to wherever I'm working at. And sometimes they get a bunch of sheets so we'll make this cart really nice is I'll be able to roll this out to the truck and load it up without carrying the sheet goods all the way to the garage. To keep the plywood from sliding off the side of this plywood cart I'm just attaching this one by two and that'll give me just enough of a lip there to keep everything on the cart. I picked up these casters off of Amazon partly because of the size and it is the perfect size and they are lockable but honestly mostly because they're orange and I love orange. To keep the three center pieces stable I'm just using a strip of two inch OSB that was dropped from the main piece that I cut earlier. The paint I'm using is from Benmore it's Coronado Multiply it used to be called Rust Scat. Man I love this paint and I'm not sponsored by them by any means but I love using it on everything because it will stick to anything metal wood plastic. Let's add some storage to my workbench. I removed all of these old vacuum lines that were underneath my workbench. These were put in about five years ago and I built the workbench but I don't even use them anymore and this workbench is so underutilized I'm going to add some cabinetry to it and I'm going to do that using MDF. The good thing about MDF is it's easy to use the bad thing is it's heavy and it doesn't like water. It's about to start raining. After moving everything out of the shop I couldn't find my glue bottle so I'm just using some mustard. I found that this frinches worked really well. Once I got the cabinet dividers installed I went ahead and drilled holes for the adjustable shelves and then I attached the back. The channel has seen a lot of rapid growth over the last six to eight months so thank you all very much for that. If you're not subscribed please make sure that you do subscribe and if you enjoy the videos please give it a thumbs up and share them with somebody else who you think would enjoy it. It really helps the channel out a lot. Now if you're new here my name's Adam. I was a professional cabinet builder and furniture builder for almost 20 years before I decided to do YouTube full time so that's how I got here. This channel is all about me and my family doing fun DIY projects both indoors and outdoors around our home. Now sometimes I'll do something crazy like build the world's smallest camper too so you don't want to miss videos like that. Now I'm just rolling on that same black multiply paint that I used on the plywood cart. When I was cutting the cabinets out earlier I went ahead and cut these doors out as well and now I'm just going to apply a round over to all of these. Although this video is not sponsored by Craig you can clearly see that I do like their tools. I'm using the Craig cabinet hinge jig to drill out for the hinges. The only color I love almost as much as orange is green so I'm going to paint these doors green. Now I didn't put doors on the back of this cabinet because I left those spaces available to my storage organizers. Which is perfect because I store things like my hinges and hinge plates in those storage organizing boxes. Once I got done with my workbench I went ahead and repainted all of my existing cabinets and toolboxes to match. But all of this work is for nothing if I can't see what I'm doing. It's too dark to the visibility sucks. I keep a couple of these filming lights in here at all times to brighten things up but as you see they're kind of big and they take up a lot of floor space. I want to get them out of here. So I'm going to put a fresh coat of paint on the ceiling and hopefully that'll brighten things up. I had to wire these outlets up for what's coming next. All the enough on the radio burning down the house started playing which kind of freaked me out a little bit but fingers crossed. Okay let's seriously address the lighting issue now. This is a hex light kit. Just put out about 66,000 lumens of light so it should really light it up in here. The trick with hanging something this large and complicated on the ceiling kind of starts out with pre-planning. I laid everything out on my garage floor and then I used my laser to transfer those marks to the ceiling and then I taped it out so I would know exactly where to put everything. To hang these lights I highly suggest you have three daughters on a white. If you don't you probably need to call some buddies over. It tells you to go ahead and put everything together before you hang it but as you can see it's pretty flexible and it's kind of sketchy if you don't have a bunch of people helping you. Oh no! Oh no we get that thing of the house ceiling. The load is going to be bright. Actually also before we hang it let me get that plug in up here. How much is works? Oh that's funny, funny, scary. I had been looking at these lights for months and actually I was able to buy them at just the right time when they were on sale and I saved about $200. I think this whole setup was about $400. Thanks. Hey, why did you go inside Omega? I'll follow. Two hands, you'll hold that for two hands. Two hands. Two hands. Stop! Stop! The perimeter is just plugged in so that's going to stay on all the time. We leave this light on anyway but the hex part is on a light switch. Oh yeah. Let's do this. You know how sometimes before you buy something really big you think should I buy it? Should I not buy it? Is it worth it? Is it really going to be as awesome as I think it is? Let me tell you, these lights are freaking amazing. With the lighting complete I could go ahead and paint the walls of the garage. Now I painted one wall, an accent wall, to match the ceiling. The other I painted this light shade of gray and I debated what color to paint the doors but I decided to just paint the doors the same color as the walls so they would kind of disappear. Okay, so it's time to do the floor now but I want to do something a little different and I want to save a bunch of money obviously. So what's it going to be? Polished concrete, paint, epoxy, garage tiles? No. I found something way way cheaper. Carpet tiles. But not just any carpet tiles. I found the absolute dirt cheapest carpet tiles I could find online at only 79 cent a square foot. Let's see what the reviews say. Anonymous says, these were the cheapest carpet tiles we could find. Tom says, unbeatable for the price. Kelly said, would I order again? Absolutely. Brook says, my general contractor called to ask me if these tiles were a joke. Okay. Vicki says, we were trying to find an economical carpet tile to go into a closet. However, we had no idea it would be paper thin. I wish we could have returned it for something better. All right. David says, at least one third of the tiles were not cut square. Jim says, don't buy it. You know what? I have to read all of those. I'm going to risk it. I'm going to go for it. I'm totally going to go for it because I mean, you know, how bad can they be? How bad can they be? How bad can they be? They're cut uneven. Check this out. I haven't even started sticking them yet. Here's the black one. I'll lay the gray one beside it. It's like half an inch almost. Plus, if you look at the edge here, it's like they're cutting these with scissors with their toes. No, no, no, no, no. I decided I didn't have any other options, but to persevere, and eat this elephant one bite at a time. And I can tell you right now, putting these tiles down was a real painless in the anus. Okay? Because so many of them were so out of square, and I had to cut just tiny little bits off of some of them. Bigger pieces off of other ones. Luckily, as I went through more and more boxes, they became easier to install. Although, all of them had problems with the glue wanting to pull off. But as I said, as I went along, I was able to stretch and pull and kind of reshape some of them as I went along, which did make the project go a little bit easier. I stopped the carpet about six inches from the garage door and put down this rubber strip over the edge to protect it. Oh, Lord! I know what you're thinking. Is this the idiot about to hang a TV up in his garage? The answer is yes, yes, this idiot is about to hang a TV up in his garage. If he can manage to actually get it on the mount without dropping it. Come on, buddy, you got it. You got it. Come on. I believe in you, bro. Don't give up. Come on. You can do it! The reason I wanted to hang this TV up was because not only is this my garage slash shop, it's also my YouTube studio. Now, in the middle of this project, I got a brand new Prusa Mark 4 3D printer, and I couldn't resist the urge to go ahead and pronounce some accessories. The garage is looking better, but I still need somewhere to put all this stuff. I just found the most amazing storage system ever online that will hold all of my stuff. But there's one huge problem. It costs between 5,000 and 7,000 doll hairs. Yeah, I'm not spending that. It's an amazing system if you can swing it, but I'm going to build my version for a fraction of that cost. The inspiration cabinet uses a palette rack for the frame. But by the time I order a palette rack and get it shipped to my house, I'm over a thousand bucks. So I'm going to be using four by fours, and I paid 60 bucks for four of them. I'm marking out for a dado cut on these four by fours for a lap join. I just bought this radial arm saw for 100 bucks off of Facebook Marketplace. It's in pristine condition. I wanted to use it as a dedicated dado saw, and I'll show you why they quit selling these consumers in 5, 4, 3, 2, 1. Right now, I'm trying to figure out, do I let go of the saw? Do I let go of the four by four? I chose the four by four, because there's no trigger on this. You have to flip the switch above you, so your hands got to come off of something. Yeah, I guess that's why they're dangerous. After a brief underwear check, I was good to go to finish these dado cuts. However, I did a shallow pass first, and then went back and did a second cut for the full dip. I can tell you that for over 20 years, I have used pretty much every woodworking tool, every construction tool there is. Like every day, thousands of times, nothing gives you the pucker factor like a radial arm saw. That thing is nuts. Next, I cut some two by fours down to the full width of how big I want this cabinet to be. I'm going with three feet, but you could make it three feet, four feet, any size in between. I'm going to put these two by fours across here, and look, we're not building fine furniture here, okay? It's a storage cabinet. I can screw these down, but let's get a little bit of force in a bit action going on. I picked up these lags here this morning, hold on a second. I say this in several of my videos, but not everybody understands it. Your screw has an inner diameter and an outer diameter. This is the inner diameter. You want to match your drill bit up to that size, or you could go slightly smaller, and that way just your threads will grab the wood. You won't be breaking off the screws or having a really hard time driving it. I could never focus. Oh my god. You always have that problem. Sometimes I can't focus either. I want to get this really glue on there good for strength. That wasn't the glue bottle by the way. I really felt it while I was there, like, oh my god, you didn't sit that through. Wash your lags for you. Okay, with the two supports built, I'm going to paint them black. I'm using, I think this is made by Benjamin Moore, Coronado, Multimultiplier. Yeah, Ben Moore, Coronado, Multimultiplier. Like I said earlier, I love this paint. I spent weeks trying to figure out how a guy, like me, who cannot weld, could build this system and make it work just like the one that you can buy. Because the problem is, I can only figure out how to make the cabinets pull out like a pantry, where I would have to put a pantry slide in here for each individual cabinet. But I wanted it to work just like the one you can buy, where they slide side to side, and you walk in them like a hallway. Not only was it going to cost a lot to make them roll out because I'd have to use pantry slides for each one, but I would also need three feet of space in front of each cabinet at all times so that I could access it. Now, the other option would be to use casters. But the problem with casters is, when they sit down on the ground and you're moving in one direction, they move linearly. But then when you go back, they swing around. And that means that the cabinet would do that every time that I wanted to spin it around. I didn't want to do that. Plus, I'd also have this really tall cabinet that had a lot of weight in it, and I just felt like it would be really tipsy. So finally, one night, on my 274-575-1000 search, I found it. To explain how I'm going to make this work, I need to go back one week into the past. Hey, I'm last week at them. And this is Struck Channel. Now, if you're an electrician or a plumber or working HVAC, you're probably familiar with this. But if you don't, you're wondering, what is Struck Channel? It provides a mounting solution for things like ductwork, for HVAC, or conduit, things like that. But it's also used in factories where they mount it overhead to move heavy objects from one end of the factory to another. And the way they do that is by using this. This is a trolley. Take the Struck Channel, mount it overhead, trolley, slides inside the Struck Channel, and just like that. You've got a way to move things. This particular trolley is rated for between 300 and 600 pounds. The rating actually changes depending on how fast you roll it. Obviously, I'm not going to be rolling it far or fast. The Struck Channel is rated for 3,000 pounds. Now, for this build, I'm going to be using two Struck Channels. So I'm good for 6,000 pounds, and I'm going to have four trolley on each cabinet. So there is no way that weight is going to be an issue. You can buy this at Lowe's or Home Depot. Do make sure you get the 12 gauge channel, though, so that it can carry that weight. One of the best things about Struck Channel is it requires zero welding. It's like a giant erector set for adults. You have these clamps that fit around the channel, and then you bolt those clamps to whatever structure is going to be carrying the weight of this, whether that's the ceiling or a pallet rack system. Not only is this the perfect solution to my problem, but it also costs less than using a bunch of heavy-duty slides. Okay, back to you, Adam. You're the man. No, you're the man. No, you are. I love you, bro. With the slide situation resolved, I just had to figure out how I'm going to support everything. So I could take a couple of 2x10s on each side, and I could sister sandwich, scab, whatever you want to call it, them together, and that would be strong enough. I'm pretty sure for nine feet to carry that weight, and then I could use the aforementioned hangers, like I talked about. To prevent any sag whatsoever, I'm going to do a tinsy, wintsy bit of welding. I'm using 2x6 tubing, because I wanted this to be super strong. Now, in my last video, I welded aluminum for my tiny camper, but this was my first welding project ever last year, and my friend Travis taught me how to do this. Now, again, you don't have to use metal. You can do this. You can actually do this with 4x4s if you wanted to. Excellent. Three first time. When I got the beams home, I cleaned them off and painted them with the same paint that I had used on the 4x4s per layer. Once I got the beams cleaned up, I went ahead and gave them a coat of paint with the same paint I've painted everything with. Then I decided to go ahead and start drilling out the floor so that I could mount the frames. I used the top beam to help place the bases in the correct spots. The frames were slightly out of plumb, so I just dropped some washers down on one side to lift them up and get them plumb. Battle day. Battle day, pig. I can do this. Clearly, clearly, a two-man job. Can we help you? No. I'd rather suffer through it. Get on there. I'm not gonna lie. That actually went better than I was afraid of my gun. Oh, I put it on their backwards. No, I did not. Oh my gosh. It's good and sturdy now. I think it's gonna go anywhere, but just to be on the safe side, I went and installed some timber screws. Look at them bad boys, okay? I put one up here and then I put actually a smaller one down here because I don't think that one's quite as important as the one up top. To build the boxes, I'm using three-quartered sheets of radiator to pine plywood. These were cheaper. These were only about 50 bucks to sheet. I used my track saw to cut all these sheets of plywood down to manageable sizes. Before I then cut them into even smaller pieces for the sides of the boxes using my table saw. And honestly, on this job right here is whenever I finally realized, listen to it. At some point, I'm gonna have to get a bigger table saw. But I'd digress. I cut a rabbit on the backs of these pieces of plywood using my router because I did not want to set up the dado blade on my table saw. Once I got all of that done, it was time to drill tons and tons of pocket holes. Why do I use pocket holes? Well, because I didn't want to dado out these pieces of plywood. Instead, I just pocket holes screwed them and shot them with the staple gun from the outside. It'll be plenty strong. And again, it's not furniture. It's just a storage cabinet. Alright, that is my five box of bill. Let's cut some backs out. As you can see here, I've got four that are 12 inches deep and I've got one that's 16 inches deep. That's because these are all gonna be for something different. Obviously, this is for deeper stuff to sit on. But I'm gonna have some of these where I can hang my clamps in them. Some of them are for like lawn tools. I've got kind of a cool surprise when I do them one of them. For the cabinet backs, I used 5th inch underlayment because it was $10 cheaper per sheet than regular quarter inch plywood. And just another way to save money. And it looked really good and was really nice and smooth. With the boxes built, I just went back and filled all the holes with some bondo. You can see this probably doesn't hang down very far and that doesn't leave me a whole lot of room up here to attach this to the wood cabinet. So just about guaranteed it would tear through. So I picked up these aluminum plates on Amazon. And that way I can attach the trunk to the aluminum plate and I can attach the wood cabinet to the aluminum plate as well. And it'll give me a lot more room. I can have a lot more wood at the top and I'll get a lot of pressure on it, clamping pressure on the aluminum plate. Now that I've got the first one marked off, I can go ahead and use that as my template to mark all the rest. Marking for the holes on the cabinets was easy. I just used the aluminum plates and literally just drilled them exactly where they would go. I did put a 2x4 on the outside to prevent any tear out. So I'll attach the plates. I'm going to be using one inch by 1.4 inch bolts. So I'm going to lift it up and you're going to show up the bolt from here and then hopefully get that one. So how much did I actually save by building this storage cabinet myself? Well, the total cost was $1396. That's a whopping 5 grand I saved just on this one cabinet. You stand, we have a problem. I mean either we're just going to have to take it all out. I have to redo it all. See, shortly after finishing the garage, I finally broke down and bought a bigger saw and a dust collector. Started tackling metalwork and the foot traffic in the garage just exploded. My budget flooring proved the old saying is right. Sometimes you really do get what you pay for. And sometimes less. These carpet tiles were great after a few months but now one year later and they're in terrible shape. But I have a new plan. Garage tiles. Probably what I should have gone with to begin with. Could be arguable. Maybe I should have gone with epoxy. I still don't want the hassle of epoxy and in traditional Hacksman style, I'm going to easy route. Well, easier. I still have to get everything out of this garage again. But at least it's not as difficult as it was the first time because it's not a mess. Much thinking. I'm thinking we might not take this carpet out. I leave the carpet down. That will add sound deadening. That will add insulation. And most importantly, there's less work. Exactly. But if I'm going to leave these carpet tiles down, that means I have to get them as clean as I possibly can, including getting up as many of those metal shavings up as possible. Actually, that came out pretty clean. You can see the orange tiles are where I replaced other ones that were just really bad. There's still some kind of loose. We have four and a half hours tired. You think we can get this done? I mean, four and a half hours forced starts getting done. I think we'll get halfway to three quarters maybe. I think that's being in a... he will get it down. We'll get it down. That's the spirit, Rob. That's the spirit. If we don't finish today, that means we have to drag all of this stuff back into the garage tonight, then drag it all back out tomorrow, and then back in again once we finish. Oh, that would be terrible, right? So I like my checkerboard pattern. So we're going to stick with the checkerboard pattern. We've got a graphite and an alloy. It looks like plastic. It is. These are plastic tiles. They've got this grid thing on the... what are you laughing about? I was trying to be punny. You said it was graphite and alloy, but I was like, it looks like it was graphite. We'll start over here on an edge, and these just snap in. Your hands might be a little delicate to do that. The hammer, if you just let me know if you need one. It's important that we keep the loops going the same way. I don't want to put... that might go in that way, but obviously it's not going to fit down here. So I got to make sure I keep those lined up just right. We'll do a strip all the way this way, and then we'll kind of come back this way. We'll make an L, and then we'll start forming that L, and I think that's how you keep everything square. When I order these garage tiles, I went ahead and ordered these ramp edges as well. But the problem is, race deck doesn't tell you which side you need them for. You can get them for the female side or the male side. And there's nothing on their website to tell you which way to go. It's not until you get your garage tiles that you actually see on the box, which way you need to orient everything. Which let me know that yes, in fact, I had ordered the wrong pieces. What happened, Tyler? Uh... you know... how's daydreaming? Where is... it's not like we wet the carpet or anything. This is the hand up in Dill. Working with King Get right here. Time for the first cut. I want to cut this 5 and 3-8, but I had to make sure that I cut it 5 and 3 from that edge right there. And I want to leave these little loops so that I can put it in here and slide it up underneath there and lock it in. Now I'm just going to have to cut all these. But I'm just going to have to cut all these. 90% the... 90% ton on the floors. But now we're at the tough part. And I knew this would be the most time consuming. I have to deal with these four legs from the storage unit here. Because I SHOANN if I don't want to lift that thing up and move it. Fortunately, I was still able to get access to my bandsaw. Amidst all of the junk that I had moved out. And I was able to cut out these pieces. Now as it turns out, this didn't go as bad as I thought it would. We were actually able to cut these out fairly quickly and get all the pieces down. I was really dreading cutting these out for nothing. They went really smoothly. Behold the final piece. Behold the final piece. Behold the final piece. There we go. I can't stand it. Okay guys, it's finally time for the actual reveal. But real quick, did you know that most of the music you've been listening to in this video was co-produced by me? And you can stream it for free on Amazon, Spotify, Apple, even YouTube. Most anyplace you stream music. It'd mean the world to me if you'd go give it a listen. Just search for Hacksman on your favorite streaming service. Or check out the link in the description. Okay, now for the reveal. Before, I struggled to have enough light in here to work. Let alone film, which was almost impossible. But now, I have the power of the sun on this ceiling. And it is freaking amazing. Before, all of my wood was just half hazardly stacked and in the way. And I couldn't access it all when I needed it. Now, on my new rolling cart, I can keep everything nice and neatly organized. Plus, I can move my cart around wherever I need it, including taking it out to my truck to unload the wood, onto the cart, and then rolling it into the garage. My work table used to be an underutilized, unorganized mess of wasted space. Now, I've got everything behind closed doors, so that I can keep it clean and dust free. And on the backside, I can store all of my screws and small pieces in these cases, and it keeps everything nice and easily accessible. I built a simple table out of MDF that I can store my vacuum up underneath, and then on top, I keep my 3D printers. Pretty much everything in the shop is now on wheels. And that's important in a small space to be able to move everything around to keep everything nice and efficient. I even have wheels on my table saw, and I've got my table saw positioned at the front of the garage. Number one, because it gives me a bunch of space behind it to work with. But also, when I open up the garage door, I can lift up this extension table, and then I've got all the space I need. My garage was a disaster zone before, because all of my supplies and materials were just laid everywhere, and I couldn't find them when I needed them. But now, with my new storage system, I have twice the amount of storage in the same amount of space, and everything is nice and neatly organized, exactly where I want it. Not to mention, it's pretty freaking sweet looking. I gotta be honest, this is one of my favorite builds I've ever done on this channel. I've got all my painting stuff up here. Here's all my sanding supplies. Plumbing supplies down on the bottom. Then, on this side over here, I've got safety equipment like glasses, hearing protection, gloves. I've got my tape right here, and then down here is where all of my glue is stored. Solvents and spray paint, car washing supplies. I don't know where it goes section. This is where I keep my saws, aprons, and workbelts. Lawn equipment. Bonus, I was able to utilize the frame of the storage system to hang all of my wood clamps on. The floor, this floor, was just dirty concrete. And then, I put down carpet, which looked amazing, and it was amazingly cheap. But, it was a horrible decision. Now, we have these garage tiles, and they are amazing. I love them. I love the way they look. And, bonus, because they're actually reflective. They actually make it brighter in here, when the sun on the ceiling reflects off of them into the room. I think I just successfully crammed 10 pounds of potatoes into a 5 pound sack. But, just wait until you see how I pulled off an even crazier upgrade. Check this video out right here, and I will show you how I turned the impossible into the possible. And I will see you next time.