 Have you ever noticed that just about every newly built home has a garage that looks like this? Why do most home builders leave garages unfinished and unpainted? When we bought our first single family home that had a garage, I was super pumped and I immediately wanted to paint the garage so I didn't have to look at that ugly brown sheet rock or drywall with those white stripes and white marks all over it and I thought I'm going to paint this thing. This is going to look way better. I'll be able to work out here. And some of my neighbors immediately said don't do it man. If you do that they're going to raise your taxes. You're going to have to pay more. It's not worth it. So I never did. Another thing I started noticing was that not only where a lot of these garages not painted or finished, but the finish that was on the drywall is what's called a level one or level two drywall finish. So basically what that means at that lower level is that they're putting up the drywall a screw it all in and then they use a single layer of mud and tape over the joints and then a quick and dirty layer basically over the screws just to cover them up. So you won't see any screws and we'll talk more about why they go just to that specific level, but that has a great impact on your ability to actually paint it later. At that level one or two there are no extra coats of mud. So not a second or a third coat for example. There's usually not any sort of a texture on there and it's just not ready for paint. I recently drove through a brand new neighborhood that was just being finished up full of million dollar homes and a lot of the garage doors were open. So I was you know, snooping around taking a peek in there. I'm always curious about this sort of thing. Guess what? They all had the same garages as I did. They had that level one or two finished drywall. Nothing else. No paint, no finish. Did not look good. So that leads me to believe this can't be a cost issue, right? When you're building a million dollar home, surely you're not going to skip the little bit of money that it costs to finish off your garage, right? So I decided to hop online and see what I could find out about this topic and it was kind of tough to find answers specifically to this, but a lot of forums had some pretty interesting suggestions. Here are some of the things that the good folks of the old intro webs had to say. My father always told me that a drywalled garage adds to your property taxes. Barrages are left unfinished because people do so many different things with their garages, especially from a storage standpoint. My guess is that they're just meeting fire code. Drywall is not a great wall material for a garage anyways. Two fragile and fussy. Paint it once and you have to repaint it when it peels. Leave it alone and it never needs maintenance. It's a zen thing. As far as taxes, the folks from city hall came by this summer and asked if I had finished my garage or completed any other upgrades. The garage was not finished at this time. This means the next tax assessment won't be for many years to come. And finally, unless someone asks for paint, the only requirement for builders is to have a one-hour separation and they're referring to fire separation between the garage and living space. This is achieved with one layer of type X gypsum board fire taped on the garage side. Anything beyond that is money out of developer or builder's pocket. For an additional amount, you can get finished walls in your garage. Most buyers prefer to spend their money elsewhere. At this point, I decided to reach out to some home builders in our area to see what they had to say about this. So I started by reaching out to a friend of mine who represents a home builder that does huge homes, typically $400,000 to $900,000 range and ask what he had to say about it. And he said, and I quote, we don't offer that. That's it. Okay. So apparently it's not even enough of a concern of theirs to even bother offering it regardless of what someone wants as a buyer. I reached out to a second home builder and they said it typically costs an additional $4 to $7,000 to paint and finish a two-car garage and most home builders, they just don't want to deal with that or the buyers specifically don't want to pay for it. A third builder told me the following. He says, it's purely budgetary. You find most volume builders do a level one finish. This is the minimum to meet fire code. When you look at recommended specs from drywall manufacturers, they all recommend at least a primer coat on the surface. However, it's not to code, at least not in Utah. Some other places outside of Utah where the humidity is higher require all drywall surfaces to be coated. So by all accounts from those in the know, it really does seem to come down to cost. Not a big surprise there. So what about the tax thing though? Is there any truth to that? If I paint my garage is it going to cost more? So I called my city office, talked to the building department and asked them and they said, well, if you paint your garage, you don't need to pull a permit for that. So technically nothing's going to be assessed and therefore you won't have raised taxes on that. But that still doesn't answer my question. I wanted to find out if you have three different homes, for example, they're identical in every way except for the garage. And in one garage, let's say house A, you've just got studs and no drywall and house B, you've got the drywall and it's to a level one drywall finish like we've been talking about. And in house C, it's finished to a level three and it's painted. Are they going to cost anything different from one to the other in taxes? I called up our county assessor to find out the answer to this question and here's what they had to say. They'll probably happen by default because when we usually inspect a house that's under construction and so we see a garage with studs. So once it's finished, we don't see the inside of the garage. So we won't even know the difference. We can't see it. Well, there every five years we have to do a re-inspection of every property, but it's only done from the exterior. I see how it all always just look at basically looking to see if there's some obvious conditional issues or if it's been added onto or maybe it's been re-sided or something, but most of our judgment is based on what we can see from the street. So just out of curiosity, I pulled you, my YouTube viewers, to find out what you guys have in your garage. And I got to say, I was pretty surprised. Over 4,000 of you have voted and it looks like currently 20% are saying they are framed, but there's no drywall in the garage. 27% says it's drywall did not painted, kind of like what we talk about what builders typically are doing. And then an overwhelming 43% says they're finished and painted. By they, in this case, were referring to the walls of the garage. And then 10% says they're OSB, plywood or other. So I was pretty surprised about that 43% and reading through the comments, I started to realize so many people are actually just doing this themselves. So a lot of times the builder is still going to leave it either without drywall at all, just framed or they're going to do that level one drywall finish on it and not finish it further or paint it. And then the homeowner, whether that first homeowner or someone later down the road, goes in and paints it. In fact, one of my good buddies is just down the street right here, just the other day painted his garage for the first time. They didn't do the ceiling, but they did the walls because they said it's just ugly and we just thought, you know, this is not expensive to paint it. So they did that right over the level one finish. Now, I've been told different things, like if you do that, then because it doesn't have the multiple coats of mud on it, then it's likely that that tape's going to start to peel and crack and come up so far so good on his, but that's something you would definitely do at your own risk because ideally you should put at least another coat or two of drywall muddocks and then get that nice and finished and prepped for paint. The other thing I have to take into account with this particular poll is that the people who subscribe to my channel are DIYers. That's what this channel is all about. So these are people who are weekend warriors a lot of the time and they're out in their garage building things, fixing things, and getting stuff done. So that garage space becomes a lot more important than it would for someone who's maybe not very handy or not into doing any DIY projects. So I probably have some skewed numbers versus the general population because you guys are handy and you guys are DIYers. So, why do builders finish the garage this way? It's cheaper. It saves money, it all comes down to money, no big surprise there. As far as taxes like we saw, it does have an impact on that so that's something you're going to need to take into consideration when considering painting your walls because then when it gets assessed that might cause you to have higher tax rates. Speaking of DIY in the garage, I'm personally in the process right now as we speak of renovating my garage. I've actually ripped out all of that sheet rock with that level one drywall finish and then I've added new electrical, run new audio cables in there and then I've insulated it, run some resilient channel, put OSB on top of that and then I'm going to finish that off with a new product called, well, I don't know how new it is, but new to me called Trustcore and I'll talk all about that in some future videos when I show that install process. It's pretty cool but I'm kind of going all out because this needs to be my studio where I'm going to be recording these videos as well as a wood shop and it needs to be easily cleaned and well lit. So be sure to subscribe to the channel if you want to learn more about how that's going and keep up with the progress on that. In the meantime, I'm Nils with Learn2DIY. Thanks for watching.