 This is my sad little garage slash shop. It's a disaster zone. But I'm gonna turn it into this epic garage with Buco storage and killer style. Plus I'll show you how I saved thousands of dollars doing it. Welcome to Hacksman Y'all. The first thing that I've got to do is get this mess out of here. Oh I'm sorry. Where was I? Oh yeah I gotta get this mess out of here. I'm actually running out of places to put all of this junk. So I'm gonna take this table that I've had for years and I'm gonna add some cabinetry to it. And I'm gonna build this all out of MDF sheets and MDF is heavy but this is on castors I can carry the weight and this is gonna be super easy to work with. I went online and used one of those free cut sheet apps that plans out your cuts for you. Man that is freaking awesome. It kept me from buying a couple extra sheets of MDF that I would have had to have stored after this project. After moving everything out of the shop I couldn't find my glue bottle so I'm just using some mustard. I found that this frinches worked really well. This shelf hole jig worked perfect for this project. This table was originally built to include a vacuum system but I don't use that anymore so I'm gonna go ahead and remove all of that. No matter how many times I work on projects like this I never learned my lesson. I always build things as tight as I possibly can and then I have to fight to fit them in just like I did when I built the chicken coop. Now you notice that I had to build a separate section over here and it shallower and that's because I had to leave room for the router behind that. This workbench has seen its share of abuse over the last several years so I'm just gonna go and I'm gonna fill in all of the screw holes, the drill holes, everything with bond. When I was cutting the cabinets out earlier I went ahead and also cut out these doors for the workbench and I'm just rounding those over now. Once again Craig to the rescue I'm using the Craig hinge jig to drill out for all the hinges on these doors. Now I can finally get all of my screws organized and what is this? It's a box of robbies man you Canadians you guys go crazy when you see these. I'm old school Milwaukee I had no actually pack out before they were called pack out. You can see these top three they're not even the pack out they're just the old system from years ago. This end cabinet will be perfect for storing like spray glue and cans of spray paint. My garage isn't very well lit so I keep a couple of these filming lights in here at all times to brighten things up but as you see they're kind of big and they take up a lot of floor space. I want to get them out of here so I'm gonna put a fresh coat of paint on the ceiling and hopefully they'll brighten things up. I had to wire these outlets up for what's coming next. All the enough on the radio burning down the house started playing which kind of freaked me out a little bit but fingers crossed. Okay let's seriously address the lighting issue now. This is a hex light kit. These put out about 66,000 lumens of light so it should really light it up in here. The trick with hanging something this large and complicated on the ceiling kind of starts out with pre-planning. I laid everything out on my garage floor and then I used my laser to transfer those marks to the ceiling and then I taped it out so I would know exactly where to put everything. To hang these lights I highly suggest you have three daughters on a white. If you don't you're you probably need to call some buddies over. It tells you to go ahead and put everything together before you hang it but as you can see it's pretty flexible and it's kind of sketchy if you don't have a bunch of people helping you. Oh no! Oh no look at that thing from the ceiling. The low one is going to be bright. I had been looking at these lights for months and actually I was able to buy them at just the right time when they were on sale and I saved about $200. I think this whole setup was about 400 bucks. The perimeter is just plugged in so that's going to stay on all the time. We leave this light on anyway but the hex part is on a light switch. Oh yeah let's do this. You know how sometimes before you buy something really big you think should I buy it should I not buy it is it worth it? Is it really going to be as awesome as I think it is? Let me tell you these lights are freaking amazing. I did this wall several years ago and I don't think I got it clean enough whenever I put up these stick on fake wood pieces and so I'm happy to go back now and fix all that. I started out with the pin nailer I was trying to keep it small but I just got to stick it up and just started putting staples in. I painted all of the doors in here the same color as the walls. I just painted the walls flat and I painted the doors as semi-glaze. This cabinet about several years ago in my first garage makeover but it's just part of a hodgepodge of different cabinetry and colors in here that I don't like. It's kind of blah looking so I'm just going to tape it up and paint it black. The same thing goes for these old gladiator cabinets we probably bought these like 10 years ago and again they're just kind of blah looking so I'm going to paint it. By the way all of this paint that I'm using on this project is a paint that is designed to go over metal. This is what I keep my miter saw on. It's just an old piece of junk cabinet box that I've had forever and I threw some casters on the bottom of it and I've been using it for years. It's worked fine but it's a paint in the butt. Today I got a delivery. Now my miter saw is a Bosch and I love it so naturally I was going to get the Bosch miter saw stand. However it cost more than double what the rigid miter saw stand cost and they basically look and work the same so guess what? Ridgid for the win. And while I'm making everything mobile and more accessible I'm going to go ahead and put together this mobile base for my drill press. Next step on my to do list is to figure out a way to organize the plywood that I keep back here in this corner. As it is now I can't even get to most of the wood whenever I need it. This is where the plywood is always kept and it's always kept back here but I was going to build a plywood cart that's hinged right here on this corner and it would swing out so that you could access putting plywood in and taking plywood out and swing it back over here out of the way. I think I'm going to change the whole layout. The silver cabinet that I painted black was going to go over here but I think I'm going to move it over here and then I'm going to put the plywood cart back over here. Let's see what's in the shed here. Let's see if I can save some money. So I keep all extra wood my lumber and whatnot. I don't have any plywood out here but I got some MDF that would be heavy. Some OSB. Oh snap I got some milling me out here. I ain't even know I had that. That would actually work really well because the plywood would slide across that nice and easy but it's white and that just ain't going to match. You know I think I want to use this OSB and I'm just painting it black. I'm not going to be spilling it. I'm cutting this sheet of OSB down to three foot by six foot. That's going to be the size of my plywood cart. The frame for this plywood cart is naturally 2x4s. Hmm I do love me some pocket holes. Man when you're building projects like this you can't beat it. I look to see if I had a longer drill bit. Unfortunately this was the longest one I had. It'll work. I'm going to attach a 1x2 piece of pine that I had laying around to the edge of this and that'll just basically keep the plywood whenever I've got it angled on here. Keep it from sliding off the side. I picked up these orange casters off of Amazon. Orange is my accent color on this project. It was almost my main color instead of the lime green because I love me some orange okay but I didn't want this to look like a Harley Davidson theme garage. These are just strips of OSB that I cut off of that piece that I had left over from the big sheet. All in all this cart you know this thing didn't cost me a hundred bucks. That's great. I've swept and I vacuumed the garage floor and it still looks terrible. This is the part I've been dreading because I've been looking up the different treatments that I can do on this garage floor and they're all pretty expensive and a lot of work. So I could epoxy this but from what I've read you have to re-apoxie every few years it's crazy expensive or I could go with these really cool garage race tiles that people put down. These like plastic tiles really cool looking also super expensive. I just don't know what to do. I wish there was somebody that could tell me what. I'm your Huckleberry. What? Who are you? I'm your YouTube doppelganger. A lot of YouTubers have them there. It's an easy edit. I have two carpet tiles. One for each of them. Well actually they're both for you. Are you suggesting that I put carpet tiles down on my garage shop floor? You're a daisy if you do. Are you an idiot? I prefer the tonn idiot salon. Are you smoking? No sir. Please a candy. Got a bit of a sweet tooth. By the way the two are a gift. You have to pay for the rest. Be me up Scotty. Maybe carpet in a garage shop isn't as bad an idea as I first thought. I found these online and they are only 79 cent a square foot and with 247 reviews they have five stars. Kelly from Williams Town West Virginia wrote would I order again? Absolutely. Tom from Oak Park Illinois wrote unbeatable for the price. David from New York wrote at least one third of these tiles were not cut square. They had one side that was a little curved. Out of 15 boxes there were at least three distinct color variations. I mean that hey you're always going to get one or two people that find something wrong. I'm sure these will be fine. They're cut uneven. Look at this. Check this out. I haven't even started sticking them yet. Here's the black one. I lay the gray one beside it. It's like half an inch almost. Plus if you look at the edge here let me just put that there on. It's like they're cutting these with scissors with their toes. No no no no no no. I decided I had nothing left to do but persevere and eat this elephant one bite at a time. Now I got to be honest with you this first box was probably the worst box I could have started off with because I had to do tons and tons of trimming. Out of my telling you this carpet tile was a painless in the anus to put down. But as I went along and put down more and more tiles I learned how to finesse them a little bit more stretch them and shrink them if I needed to so I could save a little bit of time. But as you can see even the glue on this stuff wanted to come off and you took the backstop. I mean there's getting what you paid for and then there's like can you believe this stuff is actually sold. I mean this is some team-oot quality stuff. I stopped the carpet about six inches short of the garage door just in case water comes in it generally doesn't but I also went back and finished it off with this rubber edging to make it a little bit more durable. Am I gosh that is gash. Look at that green I've got to fix that. Oh it's that muy bueno. Oh lord I noticed fooling about that he is he about to hang a TV up in Nesca Raj. Let me just say this is not just a garage this is my YouTube studio and I'm going to put this TV to good use all 65 inches of it and yes yes I did get it on sale. If I can get it up there without dropping it come on come on you got it buddy you can do it come on don't give up you're so close so close come on come on come on there you go there you go I knew you could do it. now in the middle of this project I got a new Prusa Mark IV 3D printer and I just couldn't resist the urge to go ahead and print out a few finishing details. yeah baby I love it. Man this place was a disaster before and now it is my dream garage on a budget anyway. I saved thousands of dollars by repainting, repurposing, finding sales and thinking outside the box on this project and I love the way it came together. My garage floor is now perfect for parking a couple high-performance European imports and my ceiling light has the power of the sun. but you're probably wondering where did all that junk go that was in this garage. it's here and also in my shed and I got to fit all this junk back in the garage but I'm not about to trash this space up again so I'm going to build the ultimate storage solution like you've never seen and it's gonna go right here in this video right here. I'm sorry I ran out of time trust me you don't want to miss it.