 Get organized, get motivated. You know, if you're like me, you've got a honey do list a mile long. Everything from tightening up a loose doorknob to painting the whole downstairs. And so you come out to the shop, you come out to the garage to look for a tool where to get started and you can't find anything because of the state of the shop. You know there's no better motivation suck than having disorganization. Well recently I saw an April Wilkerson video. And if you're not following April Wilkerson, you need to. She's a masterful maker and carpenter. And she really knows her stuff. Well in this video, she was having presenting an alternative to the French cleat design. Well traditional French cleat is a piece of wood that's cut at a 45 degree angle. You mount that to the back of your cabinet or to your tool haul hanger. And then you make a rip at also at a 45 degree angle. On another piece of wood, this is screwed to the wall. So then when you need to hang your cabinet or your hanger, it just rests right in there. Now, the French cleat is very strong and very flexible, you see. But what April Wilkerson did is she created an alternative to that. She used strips of metal with grooves that are cut at a 45, the same 45 degree angle in as she'd apply wood. And use the strips of metal to sit right down in there. This makes a strong hanger for whatever she's hanging. So I said to myself, that would be a perfect alternative to my French cleat design because my French cleat, they really didn't give me a lot of flexibility I found. I found pretty much wherever the tools went, they stayed there. It wasn't terribly easy to move around. And the spacing was such that I didn't have a lot of real estate to reposition and move my tools around. So I made the cuts. And if you want to see how I landed on the process of making 222 45 degree cuts in two sheets of plywood, click the link in the description. But that's a different subject. Ultimately I landed on the Craig Rip Cut. Huge time saver to help make all these cuts. So I made the cuts and I mounted the plywood sheets. Two sheets of plywood to the wall. It's imperative you hit studs when you're hanging in these sheets of plywood. So I ran out of three inch drywall screws and I'm so glad I did because I ended up using these deckmate two and a half inch screws. I really like the fact that this torx head holds it and bites a lot better than a traditional Phillips head. I used my Ryobi oscillating tool to clean out the grooves because not all the grooves went all the way where clean from these strips of metal. So I cleaned those out and then I started making hangers. Now what happens is the hanger just also has an opposing 45 degree groove cut in there to receive the piece of metal. Then you just shape it to whatever shape of the tool that you need. In fact you can see that I used the oscillating tool to carve out the grip of that. And then when your hanger is made you could just hang it up. Really gives me a lot of flexibility for whether I'm making a hanger for my Brad nailer. Interesting shape there or my circular saw. Tons of options. In fact I've got a number of projects that I'm trying to come up with ideas and designs for. Now you can see I've got some work ahead of me. I'm going to make a holder for my orbiting sander and I'm also while I'm at it I'm going to make a holder for my cup. And I'm also trying to come up with a creative solution to my clamp collection. Now truth be told this was a tedious, tedious project that took me days in order to make all these grooves. But I am so glad I did because it gives me a lot more flexibility than I had with the French CLEAT. Now periodically in the future I'll be posting videos of how I made each of these hangers. If you have any suggestions for any tools or any ideas about how I could do this better let me know. Drop them in the comments below. And if you think that the April Wilkerson French CLEAT alternative wall is going to work for you let me know that as well or you think it's just a complete and total waste of time and you don't really need to do that. Let me know as well. Now we've got a few projects coming up in the future that I don't want you to miss including this ash nightstand that matches the bed that I made and here's a hint of another project we got coming up. So be sure to like and subscribe so you don't miss another informative video like this one. I made a feel with feel got a DIY. You got this.