 I'm going to show you some special stuff in what used to be my garage and now turned nice apartment for my son. So let's check it out while he's not here. Come on in, I want to show you some of these. Oh, the awesome stuff that we put in. I'm going to go kitchen first because this little monster right here, perfect. It's little but mighty. Holds tons of food, tons of frozen here, and more down there. Go down this way. This is tiny too. It's 24 inches. But perfect for the space. Funny a room to do your cooking. And tiny wise, this is pretty tiny. It's a 18 inch dishwasher. Does everything you need in this space because you're not in a palatial place and it just toss it in there, works just like a giant one. Sinks perfect. We have a push button disposal here. And this is hidden behind us in between the studs. What we did was we left this open, put a back on it, and are using it as a pantry that doesn't stick out and have tons of space used up, but it's used up for food right there. We also, when we designed it, we designed this to be here as the pantry also. It kind of works as a, or like a desk holder, but you can put food and pantry items in it too. This was going to be on the wall higher so you can throw a laptop underneath it because this had to serve two purposes. One, you're going to eat at it, two people, maybe three people hanging out eating. And if you're here on business, you can put your stuff out, laptop here, plug in over there, and it's used as a desk. This really helped out a lot when we got the super deep cabinets for pots and pans and then trash here. Of course, it's trashy. And then this is the ever-present junk drawer that everybody has. Oh, let's look above me. These right here, these beams, they are fake beams. Actually, there are two by 12s in there going from the peak to the edge of the building. Because it was a hip roof. We did not want to cover them with drywall. It wouldn't look great. So we used them kind of as a focal point and cover them in pine and stain them. This is like your typical garage and it's 18 by 20 approximately. Those beams, four beams go down on each corner and we just didn't, like I said, we didn't want to cover them in drywall and have boring looking angles. So there's four beams in here because there's four corners and you'll notice each of them is stained. One of the bathrooms is stained a little bit different color to match what we had going on in there. The light above me, that is just too cool. It's all bamboo and it worked perfect for this area and the other one over here, nice mood lighting and it doesn't like, you know, bathe the place in light and it makes it nice and cozy. While we're still in the living area, I do want to impress upon you that this is still a garage, right? We left the garage door on the outside and maybe we'll show you a picture of that later. This little cavity right here, this is a built-in, actually what you're seeing here is a wall that was built in front of the garage door out to the alley. That's still left there so when you look out of the alley, it looks like a garage from the back. It doesn't look like a living space at all. So it's just a little nook and cranny that you can cram stuff in. You don't have to put your cleanness up in there if you want to put books and whatever. Have at it. But across here, this is all garage door until you get to the other side. AC we put in. This is a mini split. This is the area perfectly. This is nice and cool or nice and warm, very winter. Most important, listen to me. It's a small space but we wanted to put the mini split in and you still want air circulation and everything right over my shoulder. We left this open so the air could circulate over there to the bedroom and also around the corner to the bathroom. We didn't want to put a solid wall here so we had an antique door turned sideways. It's a letted glass. You can see the little imperfections in it. That's the lead. It's just kind of lended a really lofty feel to it. As you can see, you can't see it perfectly through it and it's not like it's a privacy thing anyway because it's an open space, you know, bedroom, living room. But the bedroom's big enough to throw a double bed in here which is not huge. It's not a king but it's perfect for staying overnight and just plopping your stuff down. But you'll notice also the arch here and the books we have above it. This was carved out space above it that we felt it would be a waste not to use it. Just be able to throw some books up there or chats, geys or whatever using. But the arch is we put two arches in I think because we love arches and it's just a different visual than what you're used to seeing. Also here, now that we're in the bedroom, this is the end of that garage door right here and we just drive out. Well we framed around it and this is what eight inches I think that's probably when it sticks out in the normal garage and this comes back and makes nice little cubby to show the bed in. So we put a little this ventio molding up kind of made a headboard out of the wall instead of having to have a headboard in here. This ladder, there's a story behind it, it's not a ladder, it's a stool. We need to use it for what's behind or in front of me. We didn't really think it out well but it happens sometimes. This is a full size washer and dryer and keep in mind this is a 360 square foot plus or minus garage and it has a full size washer to dry or so everybody can wash their clothes in here. So we needed storage like we were looking for storage everywhere and we thought you know what, we'll put one of these in because that provides a lot of storage you know for towels for you don't have to have a different cubby for this it can all go in here. Well, unless you're six foot eight you have little problems getting up here to your buttons so that's why we have that hanging out in the open. My son, six five, he can handle it, my son lost six five, he can handle it. Oh and we were building this and measuring things out we built this specifically to hold with of this washer dryer and also this particular IKEA closet. It's very short and sweet it holds just what you need if you're staying here for overnight or a month or whatever. It's perfect you know it has the drawers and everything. Has shoe storage, my daughter comes here periodically with two dogs and everything's cool. I think it will work also really really well as a short turn or Airbnb you know like I said a week to a month. So look up here we put electrical before drywall went up. We put an LED tape light up there in a switched outlet so more mood lighting kind of ups the ante a little just so it's not boring. Again, we don't really know means like to be boring hosts so that's why we put little things like the lights in and the different you know kind of nukes and crannies around the place but here's the bathroom. You'll notice it's kind of manly, manly colors. We've got an antique picture in here the wallpaper worked perfect with the tile we have. It's a light time you can really tell the detail on the tile it's green. It's called a Chloe tile and you'll notice the beam on the ceiling is same as green feet so we're kind of green thing kind of like we used really thick marble on our thresholds. We're in the business so I did find some really thick marble that I wanted to use for this transition. I wanted to feel like a empire is hotel feel and it really did it. It's you know not the thin stuff that you get at home depot it worked out perfect. I think I can use it other places but turned out nice. Feels notice we used a mix of two metals like a black and gold. It really balanced out nicely and you know what I don't get to use it now. And another little thing we did in here which is kind of special I think is we used a soldier course of tile around the bottom. You know it's all standing straight up and it even comes out here. We didn't have to use a sanitary tile or anything. It just stands up straight and we put a small piece of shlued it on the top where the wallpaper met. And over here we snuck this in. I know I've had comments in the past that we didn't know but it uses those anymore. Well there's an irony board for the traveler that comes in here and packs all this crap. It's here if anybody wants to use it. Then like I said we're trying to trap a lot of space in between the studs and stuff. This happened to be a two by six wall. That two by six wall was deep enough that we could custom build this medicine cabinet which is much larger than one we could buy. Plus it kind of went with the whole you know look it's staying the same colors that would up there. We're just really trying to tie everything. Another thing that's special about this bathroom we're in I'm going to step up right now. I'm stepping up into the bathroom. I'll show you why. Down below us right here this is a seven and a quarter inch step up. So what we used is a two by eight. All our plumbing is under here. We did not want to dig into our concrete. We didn't want to go through the rig and the row of having to do that. Re-core the concrete flat and everything. I really like to step up and everybody has really had a real positive thing about how it looks and we like it too because it kind of just separates it from the rest of the garage, the old garage. So I talked about everything around me above me you know I'm not I'm not talked about what's below us. This is an LVL floor and it's kind of a rather high dollar floor only because of the thick and thick super thick and also the underlayment below it is super thick too. There's no movement. It doesn't feel it feels actually like I'm walking on a wood floor in here and it's not hollow found in or anything. So I think that was a big plus to put in here too. Also it's waterproof over there by the kitchen and telling you it's just a big plus. It makes it look all that much more richer. Instead of I'm not saying you can't paint a concrete in your garage and everything in it work but I've seen that versus this and I love this feel. So another special thing we have is this door that opens up to patio. Yes, this is a screen on the inside and you can just shut all that nasty Florida bugs out or anything else going on and enjoy your sleep with a nice breeze in here. It's great. You can let your dog out actually. I'm really happy that you were on the tour and I hope it was enjoyable to see kind of what we did with 370 square feet. If you're thinking about doing this you can go to our website herhomerenno.com, download the plans for this or there's a free five tips before you start kind of a checklist of things you might want to get done before you dive into this. See you later.