 Over the years we've filmed quite a few videos in my garage here whether we're talking about gear or promotional stuff or whatever and Every time we do it when you go down in the social media commentary section where you shouldn't spend much time You will find there's a lot of comments about like garage organization People are always asking like how I set up my garage why I set my garage up that way? How do you keep it so organized? So we wanted to do to kick off kind of a garage series here is first off To talk about a little bit about how I handle garage organization how I think about it and how it makes my head feel very very calm When I'm in a neat clean garage we're gonna a clockwise walk through start over at the door Okay, the first place we're gonna start is basically my like fishing section. I configured it Mostly to fit certain kind of bins that I used now by the door here It's up. It's kind of like in the process of coming or going so I stick it there Then I got just some open shelves up here where I put certain things Trapped parts, archery parts, bow case, but that's what that is you can call any closet organization place and they'll sell you that stuff Over here. I got more that that that kind of standard closet organization would but an important thing here is that A lot of times people will get shelves I find and then they never find like the right bin system to fit the shelves And since I'm super fussy about that like I staged mine out so they'd fit the bins I used These are the Like one right here is like propane canisters and certain kind of eaters. These are those You know size and a half milk crates which I love So I got a bunch of space where I can do size and a half milk crates some of the labels aren't on there Cuz I kind of just know what's in there. It should really be labeled. I was really looking for total psychological piece I also have this here which I like for rain gear and stuff But I keep this stuff here because it's just quick for me to grab stuff as I'm going Everything like a float coat rain coat down stuff It just kind of helps when I'm packing looking there and and pick up what I want move quick When we're on the road traveling for working on their stuff There's certain items that I just always have with me, right? I'm always gonna have my binos always gonna have my like camping cup travel bags first aid kit So instead of putting that stuff away and then for and then risking forgetting about it I usually keep a couple action packers. I just have my all-time everything Moving on over here to the work bench section. We'll start with this one this like I like the word bench You can kind of walk all the way around so I try to keep this one generally that keep it clean And this is where I'm working on stuff So you know if I'm working on a gun or whatever I'll probably wind up doing it over here Expandable metal shells and I keep a lot of different things that I'm getting at often like here I have like predator collar stuff dark stuff fish and stuff usually things that are ready to go This bench is usually just projects that are underway like I'm Been wrenching on this thing. This is a fish finder project the guy going on. I got to remember degrees part of my boat Glooney's little nose bones on doing I back skull whatever I'm down the line. Just various things I'm working on If I was gonna give you one like organizational hot tip These are industrial commercial grade things these vid mark cabinets are the shit, man so for two organization these things are amazing man They're heavy duty. I love them. They're expensive. I bought this one on eBay I bought this one. I can't remember how I found this and some kind of like Craigslist or something like that bought it from a guy Loved him so much actually went out bought this one brand speaking you again They're expensive, but I watch for them and if you find somebody would buy them They are just the phenomenal garage organization tool back here I love the bins for little stuff that I'm working on so if I'm working here I often just can grab stuff gun cleaning section whatever lighters all kinds of tape and then Cleaning supplies, you know gun cleaning stuff different grease and oil. I just like it here where I can see it all Moving up again is more that of shelving stuff You know they'll talk about where you call it closet organization places you can buy it or you can usually go down It's like lows and home depot and find this stuff. You can order it online and then Cut it and fit it and again, I kind of sized it out according to bins Then I got all my hardware sorters and stuff which pretty standard. This is a really good kind of hardware store Okay, I'm aware what it is. Oh, it's like a acro acro mills. You can find these online. This is my favorite hardware store to buy far You know do a little label maker action or just write it out There's nothing worse than going to the hardware store when you need like a bolt or whatever and you come home and realize you Had the stupid thing so I like to keep that that way it makes things faster to do repairs and fixing around the house And you're not always buying junk to your de-owned Over here is pretty self explainatory. I like these bins a lot. I feel like Sometimes people see these and they're like kind of dog and I'm about how weird I am about organization They point out that you'd like clear bins clear bins might be nice. I go with labels But it's just a good really heavy duty bin by rubber made this thing right here again Starting with your bin size and then building. I just built this with dimensional lumber Pretty you know very simple construction like you fill this thing up in a few hours Not places up a hook so here dry and wet suits out. You know make sure they don't mold I like these bins And it's you know I like they roll around but they just fit certain areas So I got one this is all like travel rods and rod holders over here got one it's like tripods tracking poles a lot of arrows Both fishing equipment just long things here again pre-self explanatory This is your standard Joe blow shell but around the perimeter of the garage So these are all flex mount ceiling bits. I don't know why they don't make them like this But I just took those and modified the panels I just By by drilling holes in them Took those flex mounts panels and just lagged them into the studs But that gives you time to storage up with like generator Gas cooler bags all kinds of stuff like that up there. I love the overhead stuff You've got tall ceilings you're not utilizing it. You should do overhead job I also like this flex mount stuff You can get all kinds of brackets right I just use the U brackets using the rod holders spear guns Obviously over there you can hang bikes from it. Okay the last wall here not terribly interesting but stack of coolers Freezer people all gaming you know, I got another big freezer inside. No, I regular one, but this is our gaming form You know more that more of that flex mount stuff lagged into the wall so feel strong Yard tool rack just I got some wood from Yannis Patelis's remodel And you just very seem fine as any hardware store like I said go lows or home depot and going to garage organization section They got all these kind of different contraptions like this to hang stuff on pretty pretty easy self-explanatory Rakes and shovels and whatnot That's it for the garage walk around