 So I recently moved and for the first time in my life had access to my own garage, which is something that I've wanted for a very long time, particularly since starting YouTube about four years ago. Over the past few years I have acquired a significant amount of car detailing chemicals, tools and equipment and had very limited places to store them, so I was very excited to get my own space and thought I'd do a video of how I transformed this garage into a place to store all my products. It was a pretty clean slate to be starting with just a little bit of tidy and up to do, so there was some insulation down already which I just ripped up as it wasn't going to work with the flooring that I planned to put down. There were also just a few bits that took off the walls, and then I gave the walls and the flooring a brush to remove all the dust and cobwebs. So first things first, I wanted to get cracking on the walls, so I got breeze-wop on this side and brick on this side, and my initial idea was that I wanted to plasterboard everything to make it look a little bit more like a room now initially, thought of doing that myself, but realised it'd be too much to be taking on and really didn't know what I was doing, so I got in some professionals to quote and unfortunately it was just going to be really outside my budget, I was getting quotes sort of between £700 and £1200, and I just really couldn't justify it when there's plenty of other stuff that I'd like as well. So I thought my best option really would be to paint it. Now I know painting brick is a little bit of a contentious topic as it stops the brick being able to breathe. However, I spoke to a few professionals about this and they recommended that if I use the right primer that I should be good to go, especially since I'm just painting on interior brick, it shouldn't really cause me hopefully any issues in the future. So no idea if I'm actually pronouncing this right, but I got a tub of this Sensor primer, which was recommended by the people I spoke to, so I'm going to be slapping a couple of coats on all these walls and then going ahead and painting it. So after a trip to being cute, pay an extortion amount for a masonry brush and roller set. I got to work on the first layer of primer which Spanish required a significant amount of patience. The roller struggled to get into the mortar joints so I did have to use the brush for most of it and that first coat taught me about 10 hours to do. It's an either to say one of the selling points of this primer in that it could be recoded within an hour was of little use to me on the day and I resulted in packing up and putting that second coat on the following day. So in total I used about 12 and a half litres of this primer. So now that I finished up with a primer, it's time to actually paint it. Now a couple of options here, I was initially thinking I'll go with white but I kind of think that white looks a little bit too cold in here so I'm thinking I'm going to go with sort of a softer grey. So I've picked up some ju-locks goose down which is a really weird name but anyway that's what I'm going to go with on here so it's just a slightly sort of very very light grey. So I'm going to see but hopefully this is going to go on a little bit nicer than the primer did and hopefully not take me quite as long. I went for two coats in the end of the grey and it works out really well and I was very happy with the finish. Fortunately this was a little bit nicer to work with so I actually managed to get the first coat on within about five hours and second coat was even faster than that which I did the following day. I used about 10 litres of paint here so nothing too ridiculous and I was really happy with the grey's. It did provide that slightly softer but still bright look that I was after. Now that I've got all the walls done the next thing that I want to get started on is the flooring. Now this did take me a little bit of time to decide there are a few options to go for. I decided pretty early on though that I wanted to go for some kind of tiled flooring and I didn't want to actually paint it or anything like that so then the first decision was whether I wanted to go for the vented style or the smooth style flooring. So the vented ones obviously really good if you're actually washing cars on here to allow the water to flow through. However, as you can tell it's a single garage so there's no way I'm going to be getting vehicles into this especially once I've got all my storage in here. So I ruled that out although it looks cool I thought it probably wouldn't serve me too much benefit here as dust and dirt was likely just going to fall between the gaps and make it a little bit harder to keep cleaning here. So the next option was whether I go for foam or PVC flooring. Now PVC is the more expensive and hard-wearing option of the two and it's also obviously a lot sort of firmer whereas the foam flooring is softer and less expensive so difference really with about £500 to PVC floor this garage or about £100 with a foam flooring. So after a bit of room flooring I ultimately settled on the foam flooring in part due to the cost saving but also just because I thought I wouldn't really need the flooring to actually be that hard wearing. I'm not pulling vehicles onto it I'm just really using it to kind of walk around on. I will be storing some reasonably heavy stuff on here like the cabinets and it's likely to cause a bit of a dent however I'm not too bothered as it's so cheap to replace. I thought it'd be pretty good too as it's a bit softer when I'm kneeling down doing things like floor mats or not need to get an extra kneeling mat to be able to do that and I could just crack on. And also if I drop anything which is quite likely to happen as I'm relatively clumsy it's less likely to break too so that is the option that I went for. So I found some foam flooring online and need a 60 by 60 centimetre square and the one centimetre thick in grey as I thought that would tone in pretty well so I'm going to be laying that down and hopefully it's relatively easy today. So I started up by measuring the four widths of the garage so I could get an idea of the centre line where I wanted to place the middle tile. I wanted to do this rather than having all the offcuts just on one side I wanted to have them kind of equally spaced along both edges. Just to make the installation look a little bit neater and of course more symmetrical. So I wanted to figure out the middle I started laying the tiles from the front of back and figured out I could get three tiles without doing any cuts. So lay those all out first and they slotted just really easily together and this step was very very quick. Once I'd done the easy bit I could then move on to the edges so I just measured the distance from the wall to the inner edge of the tile and then measured the tile size to the outer edge so that they would fit nicely together. Then I just used a sun-line knife to cut all the pieces to size and slot them easily in. A few of the pieces were touch tricky than others for example around the brick pillars where I had to make multiple cuts but it wasn't too difficult and I managed to do it all in just a few hours. So in total I needed 45 tiles for this garage so about 9 lengths ways and 5 width ways including all the cuts. So it worked out as a really cost-effective method. The company also supplied edge pieces so that I could use it at the front so I didn't have to cut all the slots out. But I also wanted to finish it off by just getting a little rampage to smooth off that one centimetre height. So I just picked this up from Amazon and it's a self-adhesive one. So just measured it and cut it to size then pressed it down and it was really easy to do and I think it finished off nicely. Now at the floor in is all laid out. The next thing to think about is all the storage of the chemicals and equipment that I'm using. This is actually where the vast majority of my budget went and something that I've been really looking forward to doing as yeah I've not really had a good place to store my chemicals and sort of tools and accessories in the past. I decided reasonably early on that I would like to have cabinets and drawers as opposed to kind of open shelving as I do like when everything sort of tucked away. I use products from quite a few different brands so displaying them all together doesn't really make a lot of sense. It doesn't look sort of cohesive. I know having sort of everything on out on shelves is a really popular option especially when you're using all the same brands as that does look really cool on the shelves. But yeah that just wasn't something that would really work for me. Now trying to find cabinets that weren't super expensive was a little bit of a challenge and they'd take me quite a while. I decided that I wanted something that would sort of reasonably mid-range. I didn't want something that was sort of going to be too cheap and break really easily and just yeah not be very good quality. I figured that was going to need probably a couple of full-size cabinets and then maybe about three to four drawers. So I went online and had a good search and I actually found these ones on Costco. So they are the hilker garage cabinets sets and they do a few different configurations of these. So what I actually did was get the sort of the cheapest configuration which is a cabinet and two drawers and I got two of those so I'd have enough and that came to about £1400. I also needed a Costco membership as well so that was another £15 but generally these just coming in a lot cheaper than other options out there. When I looked at sort of similar configurations from more expensive manufacturers it could be easily have started costing me sort of over two and a half grand. So yeah that's just something that really didn't want to do so I'm really happy that I think I found a pretty good deal. So fortunately these actually look like they've come pretty much fully assembled. So I'm going to get them out the boxes and see what I'm working with and hopefully they aren't too hard to put together if there is much today. So it wasn't a whole lot to do in terms of the installation of these cabinets. The first thing was just to put the legs on and then kind of positioned them where I wanted them and then they also needed to attach all the handles which actually came sort of installed on the inside of them for transport. So they just needed unscrewing and popping onto the outside. This was very quick and easy for the vast majority of all the screws. However there were two which were an absolute nightmare that were just screwed on way too tight from the factory. I noticed a few reviews on Costco also mentioned this so if you do get one of these then definitely be aware of it. The head of the screw was really soft so ended up making a right mess and just rounding it off completely and I probably should have stopped sooner. So after trying the rubber band trick that I saw on YouTube I decided it was time to call it and just go to screw fix and get one of these little grip it tools. This worked very quickly on one of the drawers. On however on the cabinet it was a little bit trickier. I did manage to get a grip on the screw however the cordless drill just wasn't even strong enough to turn it it was screwed in that tightly. So ended up getting some more grips and just turning it manually which took a lot of effort and I didn't film this bit because of honestly at this point I was ready to launch the camera across the room. Eventually I did manage to do it and then just installed the worktop which came pre-drilled so it was actually just a case of popping it over the top, hand-tightening and all screws and then using my cordless drill to tighten them up. The only other thing that I did was slotting the shelves in the cabinet and mount it to the wall. So I finally done it and got these cabinets assembled. So as you can see I've got one here and the set of drawers here and then just the left of me I've got another cabinet and set of drawers arranged in a similar configuration. So I'll take you through them a little bit and give you sort of a bit more information about them so they are made from steel and they have a powder coated finish so it's actually sort of a dark grey with a black kind of outer so hopefully with it being powder coated it should be relatively chemically resistant. So both cabinets come with three shelves and you can adjust those in three inch increments but unfortunately you can't get extra shelves from these. I've contacted both Costco and Hilk about this and neither of them could help. There's a little bit annoying as obviously a lot of the stuff that I'm storing isn't too tall so having extra shelves would allow me to get a little bit more in the cabinets but it's not the end of the world I think I should still be okay storage-wise. The wake-up aspect of these is really good as well so it's 68 kilograms on all the shelves except the bottom which I think is around 99 so way more than what I'm going to need. I was saying I'm storing quite a lot of bottles on here but yeah, I shouldn't really have any issues in terms of the plastic. So I've got two sets of drawers and one set has three drawers and the other set has four. Again wake-up aspect is totally fine so I think it's about 45 kilograms for each drawer so way more than I'm going to need. There's also foam inserts at the bottom so things aren't going to sort of roll around as much which is definitely a nice little feature to have. Both the drawers and the cabinets are also lockable. Not that I'm going to be storing anything particularly valuable in here just kind of brushes and microfiber towels but if you are going to be storing anything a little bit more expensive than it's a good feature to have too. So go on top of both sets of drawers it comes with a wooden workshop which is really really nice so it's really like the look of this. Not massively sure how hard-wearing it's going to be and yeah probably not going to be that chemically resistant so I might get a little kind of clear amount to put on the top of that just in case that's still any chemicals but I really do like the look of it. So overall I'm really kind of happy with how these cabinets have turned out. I think I'm hopefully going to have enough storage here and yeah installation apart from those two screws was really easy as they basically came for the assembled. So yeah so far so good with these. So I also wanted to talk quite briefly about some of the things that I actually didn't have to do or spend any money on in this garage and one of the first things is the garage door. So this is an electric roller door which is absolutely perfect as it doesn't really take up much space at all. I've seen a lot of the up and over style doors which really kind of come into the garage and would have limited where I'd be able to kind of place my cabinets and things like that. So really glad that I didn't have to invest in the garage door myself as yeah they are quite expensive. Also the lighting isn't something that I changed either. It wasn't super important for me that the lighting was incredible in this space as I'm not going to be doing any paint correction work in here. I'm not going to be getting cars into it so it really just is space for me to work. So there were two lights already installed which actually are pretty bright and really didn't have any issues with apart from the art that are the prettiest in the world but yeah not something that really wants to spend money on. So very happy that I didn't really have to do any work there. So now I want to see through how much I actually spent on this little project. So first up with the walls which cost £231 and that was just to purchase the primer and the paint. I did over spend a little bit particularly on the paint as I probably purchased too much but yeah that's how much I spent in total on that. Next up was the flooring which was the cheapest part of everything and that was £88 for all the tiles and then the sort of little ramp strip I've got on the front was 23 quid on Amazon and finally the cabinets which were the most expensive part by far were £1415 including my Costco membership. So that brings the grand total to £1757 but I'm not quite done with the sort of process yet. I do want to still kind of warm out a few things so I'm thinking near the door I'm going to warm out a hose reel for my crannies and I'm also thinking about warm out in a couple of other things like my nozzles and maybe some gloves and also maybe a little rack for the products that I use quite often like glass cleaners sort of citrusy things like that. So that is probably going to take me closer to sort of £2000m out eventually once I've got all that stuff in. So what I'm hoping to do is make an updated video and do a little sort of garage tour when I've actually got all this stuff organised all the cabinets and drawers are full and I've got everything on the wall so I can take you through really how I've sort of organised everything and you can see the finished result. So if you aren't subscribed already and you do want to see that video then make sure you do hit the subscribe button so you don't miss it. If you have enjoyed this particular video watching me struggle through this little DIY project with no experience whatsoever and it will be brilliant if you could drop it a light and thanks very much for watching.