 Welcome back to part two of our Garage organization project. If you missed part one last week, I shared how we built these awesome DIY garage shelves that are going to provide us so much more vertical storage now. This week we are going to be working on adding function more organization to this garage wall behind me. When we started this project last week, our garage was just filled with stuff and we have been working on decluttering it and getting rid of stuff but now we just need a place to put everything and we're going to start with kind of figuring out where our storage totes are going to go on these shelves and then we can put stuff in it. So this week we are just going to focus on maximizing the storage with these new shelves and adding different organizers and things to them as well as on the wall around them to really just maximize this wall space to display things so they're easy to find and we know where everything is and so that it also looks a little bit nicer as well too. These are huge. I think we're going to put all the things up in here. I can't decide if I want to move this way or this way. We'll probably fit more the other way. Ta-da! Now? We just have to call them. Dance! How do we feel about loading this truck? Oh my gosh. I don't want to do it. I like the garage nice and empty. I bought these heavy duty hooks. We had some of these already but I bought some more because they're really great for holding heavier things in the garage and I'm going to start off by installing this larger one for our ladder and I'm going to put it on the side of the shelves. I think it's going to be a great spot to get the ladder out of the way and off the ground. The thing is I actually need to stand on the ladder and order it to hang it so I'm going to do that first. The next piece of organization that I want to add to the wall is a broom water and I just I saw this on Amazon. It was like one of their best selling organizational things in the garage and I thought this was such a great idea just to have it somewhere to hold my broom just and that kind of thing and easily grab it and it's adjustable so let's see how this works. Oh my gosh. I just realized we did an upside down. This is like the simplest project in oh gotta reverse it. We have this wall space behind me that's between our shelves and our potting bench that I thought would be a great place to do a lot of vertical storage. I found these wall bound baskets on Amazon and I thought they were perfect for having a place to display our kids toys which is a bit out of hand and I just want to hang them down low in the wall so that the kids can easily grab toys and we can see what's in them and it's also just going to be a great place to hide all those like not hide hanging. All those really small things that kind of end up all over the place. They came set up three and they're really easy to put together so now I'm just going to mount them on the wall. I love how these wire baskets look on the wall. They're so cute and I think they're going to be at the perfect height for our little ones. Now that those are installed I want to finish off this wall by adding some shaker pegs. Basically the way we're going to do this is we have some scrap one by four primed boards and well actually we bought this new eight foot one as well and we're just going to screw these into the wall studs so they're really secure and then we are going to install a bunch of these wooden shaker pegs. I want a big pack of them for a great deal on Amazon. We've actually used these before. We need a shaker peg coat rack that was really cute which we still use today for a bunch of our entryway items. These are so versatile you can use them to hang something and I thought they'd be great for hanging some more kids toys along the bottom and then up along the top we can hang garden supplies. So there are potting benches right here and everything's just right by the garage door so we can easily grab everything when we are doing some gardening. So we just basically nailed it and placed so it was level and now we're going to find the wall studs and drill through the board into the studs so it's really secure. All right we're about to install the pegs. Random drew a line through the middle of the one by four boards and now he's just marking where we're going to drill our peg holes and then once he finishes that we will use a half inch drill bit and drill the holes and then just put the pegs into the holes with wood glue and a rubber mallet to tap them in. Well it's the end of the day and we were trying to get this project finished up but we ran into a problem with the distance between the two peg holes as you can see we tested it out here with the shovel and we just didn't leave quite in the room between each peg to fit the wood part of the shovel so rather than trying to like fill the holes and spend all the time doing that we're going to just take this board down and put a new board up and re-drill the holes a little bit for their part. I think we just didn't take into account enough distance for the thickness of the pegs so less than learned on this project. Well we finished up installing our peg hooks on the wall and we painted them and let the paint cure over the weekend so this morning we are going to start organizing garage items, getting them up on the wall and this board is kind of like a puzzle just trying to figure out where everything is going to go best but I'm excited to just get organized and wrap up this project so let's get started. We have so many bubbles. we have made major progress on our garage organization we're still not totally finished with the space but everything is looking and functioning so much better than before. I feel like a weight has been lifted by decluttering and getting rid of stuff and it's much easier now to see where everything is and spend time in the space. Don't forget to check out the DIY garage shelves if you haven't seen them yet and make sure to subscribe and follow along for more fun DIY in home decor projects. Thanks for watching!