 Let's give my chaotic cluttered garage a full transformation. We're going to take it from a dumping zone where parking was a major challenge to a space that's organized, functional, and ready for family life. We started out by decluttering literally years worth of accumulated mess. Left over beds from home projects, outdoor decor, and some really random stuff too. This is an entire room. How many rooms are there? Probably my number one goal in all of this was to get rid of these stripes from when the builders left our garage's drywall unfinished. No, we didn't finish the drywall. If we just painted over it, the coat of paint went such a long ways towards brightening everything up. Then came the fun part. I wanted to introduce some new organization systems. Okay, let's say we did this right. We had an in the workbench that we had made this sports equipment organization rack. And even this rubber made a fast-track wall storage system. So we could take advantage of our vertical space for storing larger items. Then of course, I wanted to add some personality to so I painted the doors to the house and trim this delft blue color. And it made an immediate impact. Then we installed a pegboard over the workbench and repeated that blue color for some added cohesion. Then it was time to organize. I worked my way from easiest to hardest. To heck, I'll just collect all of our sports equipment first and this organizer fit everything perfectly. Then I hung up all of our larger bits on the rubber made passenger system. I love how customized well this is and the fact that we can change it as our needs evolve over the years. It was great to be able to get all the stuff off the ground so that it wasn't taking up any square footage. And for all the small stuff like tools and gardening gear, I used these black plastic bins and organized everything by kind and our cap. This was super satisfying and I can already tell it was going to make things so much easier to find. Then I just added a few final touches and the makeover was complete. Our garage nut feels bigger, cleaner, it's way more usable. And best of all, parking two cars in here will no longer be a problem. So thanks for watching friends. Be sure to check out my YouTube channel for the full transformation.