 Hey guys, Vitaly here from Good DIY Plants. If your garage is a cluttered mess with tools, seasonal items, and random things scattered everywhere, you're not alone. And this is why I designed this 27 gallon tote storage rack. This 2x4 structure keeps your tote secure and organized, and it frees up space and protects your valuables. What I've done is design a variety of rack options. Each one of these is tailored to fit different garage sizes and layouts. The dimensions had to be slightly adjusted for the totes for different retailers like Home Depot, Costco, Loads, Sam's Club, Office Depot, Amazon, and Walmart. Each tote is a little different. Some racks hold more totes, some less, but all are customized to fit the specific tote that you buy. And you can find these plans they're going to be available for download in my Etsy shop. Just check out the link below. So today we'll be focusing on building the 5x4 rack which holds 20 totes. This specific layout is designed for the HDX 27 gallon, tough storage tote in black and yellow that you can buy at Home Depot. The principles that I'm going to be showing you here can be applied to building a tote rack of any size for any of the totes you choose to buy from any of those retailers. Okay, so to build the tote rack, start by taking 580 and 1116 inch 2x4s, and then 288 and 58 inch 2x4s. Space those out 20 and 516 inches apart. You can use a spacer so that it's nice and even throughout. Secure it with 3.5 inch screws or 3 inch screws and some wood glue. I make sure to pre-drill so that the wood doesn't split. Now to reinforce the corners to make sure it's not a shaky rack. Use these 6 inch flat corner braces. I got these on Amazon for a very good price. You get a total of 10 and this plan calls for 8 of them. Now the reason why I like the ones from Amazon is because the place where they have the holes pre-drilled pretty much aligns with the center of the 2x4. I did look at other braces similar to this at Home Depot, for example, and the holes that they have are more on the side and that would make for a weaker joint. So, install 4 of these using 3 inch or 2.5 inch screws and you're going to need a total of 2 of these frames. Next we're going to cut out the shelf supports or the tote supports. So these are going to be 28 and a quarter inch long unless you're using tote other than Home Depot. I trimmed off the edges here at 45 degrees. You don't have to do this. It's just for decorative reasons. I think it looks much more clean and you will need a total of 40 of these. Alright, now to add them to the frames that you just made, there's a couple methods for doing this. You can either use just a scrap wood 2x4 or this in my opinion is better if you use plywood because it not only helps to space out the boards apart but also gives the right orientation as well. So it keeps them upright and straight. So you're going to need 2 spacers. The yellow one here is 11 inches long. The teal colored one is 12.5 inches long, both are 28 and a quarter inches wide. And the way you're going to do this is you're going to start with the yellow spacer and you're going to add the first row of the tote supports here. So use 2.5 inch screws because you don't want them poking through to the other end here. So use glue and screws to secure that. Next, go ahead and switch to the teal colored spacer so that's 12.5 inch long spacer and then just do the rest with the teal colored one. So by this point you should have used all 40 of your tote supports and you should have a space here at the end. This is good because this is going to be the place where the lid for the top tote is going to be. Alright, now how do you add the secondary frame to this? So there's a couple options. You can either just try to add it to the top like this or you can try to actually flip the whole structure and then try to add it that way. So I don't like this method because it can actually, you know, while the glue is not dry, it can cause these to kind of shift side to side and also it's pretty heavy. So what I did when I was building this is I just added the second one on top and then I secured it with some wood clamps. That way everything is in place so that I can work on spacing these out correct and adding my spacers in again and then securing it with a 2.5 inch screws. So it gives you time, it's more stable and in my opinion it's a easier way to do it. So once you've done that go ahead and add the remaining 2.5 inch screws to all of these. Take your time, you know, I know there's glue there but they can still shift around. Clamp these, make sure it's nice and neat and so it's not not disorganized or you know, spaced differently. All right, now that you've got your tote rack all completed here, it should be very stable so it should not shake side to side back to front. The only thing now is it does need to be braced to the actual garage wall to the studs. If you think about it, this is going to be loaded up with totes which will have items inside. This can get very heavy. The rack itself is pretty heavy but it'll get even more heavy so God forbid this falls on somebody. You really need to make sure that it's secure to the wall. So a very easy way to do this is just by using these kind of like L-shaped brackets. I'm sure you've seen these at like Home Depot and other stores. So you got to find it the studs. I used a stud finder. I'll have a link in the description for that as well. That made it a lot easier instead of putting in a bunch of holes into the wall. Now sometimes you will have a baseboard in the garage so you can either kind of move these out a little bit to accommodate for that or if you have you know like some serious baseboard, they do sell brackets I've seen where they're kind of like elongated like this where it's uneven on the two sides. That might be an awesome option. Many options for this part but very important that you brace it. Now the cool part is that you don't just have to build one of these. You can actually seriously organize your garage and your life by making multiple and in different sizes. So this is the five by four that we just made. You can just make a for example a three by five. So we just reduced it by one one kind of side here and here we have a four by two. So these can be created as different combinations to accommodate different garage sizes and layouts. Now for this little one the only thing I did here was I just added a plywood sheet on top but it's essentially just a short version of the same tote rack. The reason why I added this is because it now becomes a like a workbench or a work counter. So this is 36 and 716 inches tall and that's counter height pretty much. So you can either pull out a counter height chair so you can work on here or while standing this is a great place you know to do like crafts or work with tools or whatever. So it makes the space more functional instead of just having a bunch of tote racks. So this is that combination kind of put together. Now the other cool thing this I'm really excited about is when you're moving when you're moving. So here's a representation of a moving man. You can just literally put in the whole tote rack. You can put it in there right put all of your tote racks in there and and just put your tote right back in here insert them all in here and you can put it in your new garage and you don't have to put anything into boxes everything's already stored and you don't have to you know redo anything. So make these these tote racks nice so that they actually last you like pretty much a lifetime. That's what I plan to do with mine. I'm really excited for mine. All right that's a wrap for building our five by four tote rack. If you're still in the planning phase and need help choosing the right to totes for your rack I've got you covered. Check out my video where I go to each store and measure compare and review the best 27 gallon totes from the different retailers. It'll help you make an informed decision based on durability, size, price and even negotiability of the totes. Thank you for watching. I hope it was helpful.