 Are you ready to level up your toolbox organization? We're sharing six toolbox organization hacks you need to know. Whether you're a weekend wrench or an old pro, these tips will make you more efficient in your workspace. Let's get to it. Let's start with a common problem, the cluttered toolbox. Tools everywhere, no rhyme or reason, and you can never find what you need. That's where these pro hacks come in. We're going to transform this mess into an organized masterpiece. But first, we'll want to take everything out of the toolbox and lay everything out so we can see exactly what we're working. Now, we're going to take everything that we haven't used in over a year, anything broken, and you do pull kits and you get them out of here. That could be a secondary workstation or just into another spot for tool storage. Now, with just your most used tools, it's time to start organizing. Hack number one, use an organization system. EVA foam inserts are really popular and many tool manufacturers like Urench or Sonic have tool sets that come with foam inserts that you can slap right into your toolbox. These look great and are excellent at keeping your tools secure and easy to find. The downside to foam is that you can't easily expand or modify your tool collection. Tool grade, on the other hand, offers a modular system where you can arrange tools on a flat board and add and remove tool spots as much as you like. Hack number two, put your most used tools in the easiest to access spot. Think about the tools you grab most often. Maybe it's your favorite screwdriver, your utility knife or tape measure. For us, it's sockets and wrenches. Keep those in the top drawer where you can grab them in seconds. Hack number three, group, light tools together. What we mean is keep all your screwdrivers in one section, wrenches in another, and so on. Disapplies to power tools and tools and even fasteners like screws or nails. Grouping light tools together is the foundation of professional level organization. It eliminates the guesswork and saves you time. Hack number four, label everything. Now, this might sound basic, but it's so important. Use a label maker or masking tape or a marker to clearly mark each drawer and section of your toolbox. You can even color code your labels for different categories of tools. For example, red for SAE, blue for metric, just like these tool grid wrench holders. Hack number five, the one in, one out, blue. Every time you get a new tool, make sure an old or duplicate one gets removed. Now, I don't mean throw old tools away, but put them in a different area for overflow or store them until you need to have a second workstation. Hack number six, regularly reassess your setup. Every few months, take everything out of your toolbox and reevaluate your organization's system. As your projects and needs change, your toolbox should evolve also. Maybe you've added new tools or stop using certain ones. You need to adjust accordingly. This keeps your toolbox efficient and tailored to your current workflow, so it doesn't become cluttered over time. There you have it. Six professional toolbox organization hacks that will change the way you work. If these tips helped you out, make sure to give this video a thumbs up. Subscribe to the Classic Nation channel for more DIY and organization content.