 But I couldn't resist what I saw while scrolling the internet. I don't know if you guys are gonna think it's as cool as I do. My heart's pounding. Okay. It's cold today. What's that about? I'm not gonna show you what I'm picking up. It's gonna be a surprise because it's so... Like, whatever you think it is, it's just... You're wrong. Place your bets... ...that you will lose. Good thing I own a pickup truck too. Like, it wouldn't be possible if I didn't just own a pickup. Like, I wield so much power to go and collect large and unnecessary items that other people could not, you know what I mean? And like, I don't have to ask anyone to help me. Oh, guys, side note, before we go, look at this. Please check this out. I went into this, like, gas station and I asked the guy, like, I looked around and they didn't have any cloths and my windscreen was missing. And I asked the guy, I was like, you guys don't have any cloths, you, like, don't put out or, like, any, I don't know. Trying my luck, because I couldn't see anything I didn't have anything to wipe it with. And he was like, we don't, but I could give you one. And I was thinking, okay, maybe he'll give me, like, paper towel. Something, he gave me such a nice, proper towel. And I think I was, like, so, like, thankful, because I was like, that's so kind of him to have done. And it's so cute. And now it's gonna be in my truck forever and never getting rid of that. And it's always gonna make me think of him, because he was so kind. Okay, I need to shut the fuck up and go, because this lady's expecting me and I'm making myself late. Okay, let's go. I need to stop screaming too, like, those people around. I need to stop screaming too, like, those people around. I need to stop screaming too, like, those people around. Is this creepy of me? I can't tell. I don't think it's creepy. I think it's cool. I got two just because she was selling two. And I was like, I don't know, whatever. It was like if someone wants to come and sit at one with me, it would be fun. I really only wanted one, but whatever. And they've got things underneath them. Guess what's from probably real kids that use them, which is honestly creepy as fuck. Is it terrifying? I think it might be really creepy. What's the girl gonna do? Wow, I've never saw one of these before. I think it's sick as fuck. And I can keep on my important documents and such in there. I was honestly thinking a bit of the podcast. I was like, it would be fun to sit at this with my many, many files, fact files. A genius needs a desk and I didn't have one. So, who can crop it up? That it's, and the chair comes up and down and so does this. This is a great purchase. I've decided. I don't regret this. I almost did, but now I don't. That's as far as I've got with the couch, so I need to work on that. Okay, the other main task now that we've got these today is look how much stuff is on the floor, basically. Gonna put it all into the cupboards back there so that the space is completely clear so that we can actually start to see the vision come together. Okay, I got rid of all of the clutter that was on the floor over here, so now we have a space for the couch. You can kinda good. Okay, I'm gonna unpack some more of the couch. I don't know why I keep like nilly dying while I was trying to do this fucking garage, but I sliced open the palm of my hand. Whoopsies. And I don't have a plaster that's gonna like fit across here. So I fashioned this. I want all the dirt getting into my blood. Anyway, moving on. Onwards. Rest report, we have four of them together. I don't know if I like the Ottomans. We'll see. I don't actually know what shape the surface supposed to be. I think it's like a cloud like, you know what I mean? Oh. The reason this is taking me so long is because I'm refueling to read the instructions. I hate reading instructions that row is suffer. So I'm just like trying to figure out how to, this sofa fits together and I figured it out for the main pieces, but now we're onto the side pieces. Also, my hand is completely numb. I think I did this thing too tight. They just line them up. We go in. Fuck yeah. Instructions are so helpful. Instructions, instruct you. I killed a board. Okay. I'm gonna make it shorter. Cause it's huge. I'm gonna take one of the sections and turn it to the side so that it's more of a bed. What do we like it long? I think I prefer them short. I'm so impressed with myself. I can't believe I did it. Like this is probably the biggest accomplishment of my life. Check it out. Now I need to figure out where the fuck these are gonna go. And I wanna pull that out, but it's too heavy. I need someone to help me. And I don't want to do it this much. She tried out. Haven't sat down on it yet. Lovely. Socks are disgusting. And I wanna get them on. I fuck it. This couch is gonna be gray in no time. The bottom of my socks from the garage. Oh, I have a garage to sit in. With the thing open, the fresh air. What now? I have no idea what comes next. We need a table. Onwards. This is the next mission. It's you need to like flip it, I think. And guys underneath it had no idea. Fucking fusible table. There was a few spiders. Maybe I can drag this. I can do it. I can do it. Why does everything look so fucking heavy? Oh my god. Oh, where am I standing in? Trying to find a time. No, I don't like it then. I'm like it. This feels like spiders. I think I'm just gonna put this on top of there for now. Look how cute it looks when you walk in. It's like you could sit here and just do our and talk to your friends and or play fusible and or pool. The possibility is truly endless. I grabbed these from inside. So those are just kind of chilling there. Like I don't really know what else to do with them. I kind of like that they're facing into the room so that you could sit here and like, I don't know. I don't know what else, where else to put them? Leave suggestions. I think we need a rug. Here's the most exciting part. Did you bitches forget? I bet you did. Ow! The TV. That fucking hurt. Okay. Okay, for now she's going here. I'm gonna get a cool like TV stand for her. It's in the works. But then I think I'm gonna get like one on wheels so that we can like pull it out and maybe plug it in over there and then have it pulled out so that it's closer to the couch cause like this green is kind of small. Okay, let's plug her in. I don't have any VHS tapes. That's another issue. Oh! Is it gonna explode? Huh! That's cool. Look the volume. I don't know why this is so exciting. I bought this off a guide that I found on Facebook marketplace and then I went on his actual like he has a website, he like collects shit and sells it. And he had like crazy sick like vintage TVs. For almost the same prices this but like stylized vintage like such cool TVs. Obviously though I kind of love how like this one looks like genuine shit rather than like vintage expensive shit. The next day. Good morning, it's the next day. We're gonna make breakfast and then we're gonna go back into the garage. Oh, I just fucked up my nail varnish that I did. Ooh, my skin looks like shit. Don't care. Gonna make breakfast really quickly. I'm sad because I'm out breakfast sausage. I'm out of my breakfast sausage. Okay, so I'm just gonna make toast. I look gross. I just showered and I feel like I look dirty. I'm really fucking annoyed at the moment because I do brioche or sourdough. What a beach. Why not? I'm annoyed because my kitchen looks disgusting. It's like a mess. And the reason being is my sink is like completely clothed. Piper's clogged. So I can't wash anything up in my kitchen and it looks disgusting. So now there's just stuff everywhere. So you guys will see this video on Tuesday but in the real world right now it's Sunday, okay? You guys are late. So it's Sunday which means it's the day of the week that I take off. And if from nothing else, I don't take my meds on the weekend. Because you're not supposed to, that's my reasoning. I'm gonna make two pieces of toast, one brioche, one sourdough. Oh guys, do you know I have a fucking pantry? Okay, look at this. It's not very full because of it shit. But almond butter, that's not mine. Goober. I can't eat that shit. What did I come in here for? Oh, this. Okay, so I have almond butter. I've been making the best breakfast lately. Breakfast is the only meal I eat really and truly. But I always eat my breakfast because it's fucking delicious. And it's fun to make it. Like I feel like I'm like having me time when I make breakfast. I eat a healthy good breakfast and then what happens at lunch and dinner? I don't know. I'm also going to have an orange and some orange juice. I'm gonna have strawberries. I do. Yummy. I just took my probiotics on like a completely empty stomach which apparently is what you're meant to do. But now I'm like scared because I usually just don't do that. So I'm scared for myself and I'm getting like stomach pains. Yeah. Which is my worst fear. So I'm trying to make this breakfast extra quickly today so that I don't die. I have sourdough and brieosh bread because I didn't know which one I wanted. Brieosh doesn't not feel healthy but I guess none of this is really that healthy. Okay, so here we have the two almond butter breads and now the crucial element strawberry jam because this is my version of PB&J. Yay! Oh, it's straight onto my food as well. Nice. Excuse me. Usually I have cooked stuff for breakfast like I've been doing eggs and I have like a fobure of chicken and then I dad myself. He's been trying to expand my horizons with my diet. So I dad myself to get these like chicken sausages and I'm starting eating them for breakfast and they're fucking delicious. And I've been really enjoying them but now I don't have any left. And I don't want eggs without sausage. I mean, who would want that? So here's my breakfast. Okay, come on. How am I gonna hold this? If I owned VHS tapes right now, I would be able to watch my television. I have a couch at site. This is just so much more exciting. This one's mine. And it actually is because I actually bought it or found one was the other one belongs to my landlord so I can't spill my juice on it. This one I can do whatever I like. Ah. Ah, hard work. I'm gonna spend probably more time in here than I am in my real house. Breakfast is served. Cheers. The only thing that would have made that experience better was if there was Disney Channel playing on that TV. That was truly an enlightening experience. I don't know what you mean. I'm not in 2012, yes, VHS. This is the closest I've felt to anything close. This is the closest I've come to feeling happy in like 10 years. Excuse the fact that I look like this. I'm so tired. I wanted to show you guys what I've been doing lately to help me unwind and connect with myself at the end of the day. I got crayons, 96 of them. Why 96 and 100? I'm fucking love. Ask the CEO of crayons, don't ask me. But I've been drawing with them and I've been finding it really fun. And I know it kind of seems childish but it's actually really fucking cool. So fuck you. I don't want to draw. I think today I want to draw a mythical creature. And I used to hate drawing because I was like, oh no, get a dick. My drawings don't look good, why would I do it? You know, and I don't like find it that fun. Mostly because the outcome always is bad. And then like randomly, I decided to buy these crayons because I just kind of saw them and I was like, fuck it, why not? And then I drew this thing, threatening to spew it on my fridge, I'll show you. In a sec, oh, that was so easy and fun. And so then I was like, well, I could just make loads of little things like that and put them all around my house because I'm literally a free fucking person. So now I do this in my spare time. And I'm gonna create spew's cousin today. And like, I would never do art that I had to like actually spend time on or hope that the outcome is actually good because I don't want to. I like to finish and start my works about within five minutes. And like, when I moved into the house that I've been right now, like, there's no color in it. Well, there's color, but like, not really. Like, there's no art. I wanted to like buy some art that I keep hesitating because I'm like, I don't know what is cool or what's like secretly really lame. And I don't wanna have lame art in my house because I have to be more like, I'm lame. And then I know even about art and then I bought like, jupes or prints of things you're not meant to buy, jupes or prints of, I was like, how would I fucking know? So I'm stressing about whole thing and then I realized like, if you just make a little colorful things and put them around my house and it's fucking free or it costs as much as a pack of Krayota costs, and it's way more fun. And I like that I can pick the colors. It's all soothing. So it's good. Right now, I've got a text from a number that I clearly have had a conversation with before. And I don't know who the fuck they are. And the message we ask people if I'm gonna be in New York next week, which I am. And so I, I was like, okay, I clearly know this person, I do not know who the fuck it is. And there's nothing that gives it away in our chat history. So I messaged him and I was like, who is this? And I never sent a text saying he was this person. Usually if I don't know who you are and a text me, I'm just not gonna fucking be responding. You can't be that important. But the curiosity of the better, it feels like who was a text? And I was even texting a long time ago. Like I have a high optimization with them in like the end of 2024, where they drew people like, I just saw you at this event. And I was like, oh, I missed you. Like, I don't know. And I texted some who's this and they laughed at the text that they put the laughing reaction and then didn't respond. So that's great. Sometimes I think I might be like a very, very skilled person in terms of meditation. I never tried to meditate because I genuinely do not think that it would benefit me because I genuinely believe I spend most of my life in meditative state. Like you would think with the amount I fucking talk, you would think my brain never stops and that it's always loud out there. It's almost always completely fucking quiet. Crickets actually. Like I think a lot, obviously, and I do a lot of things and I'm intentional thinking out. I'm also an anxious person. So like, yeah, duh, I think about it. But honest to God, there are so many times when my brain is just like, it's like there's white noise. And yeah, there's words floating around and maybe some imagery occasionally. But if I wasn't speaking to you guys right now and I was just doing this little art, there'll be nothing in my head. Maybe some song lyrics, maybe a tune being hummed, but truly nothing. It's like a stumbling and sometimes I get concerned and I'm like, are we okay? Like am I, am I, is something deeply wrong or am I just like wildly talented and at peace? I'm definitely not a peace, so it's not that. I don't find it hard to have my brain go completely quiet. I think something just fucking exploded. I, should you better say that? It's like I didn't hear it to be fucking honest with you. Okay, now he needs an aura. Ah, you guys don't know what I've just remembered. When I was home for Christmas, I was seeing my family for the first time since I like, came to stay in LA. I don't know why I thought I had sent them like videos and pictures of my house and stuff. Like I thought I'd show my dad, but I guess I didn't, because I'm very responsible and I forgot to like send him videos once I got here. Some of that child and I forgot. Fuggot. Eh, anyway. And they asked me on Christmas day, they were like, yeah, we haven't seen your house. Like your pictures of it and I was like, oh my fucking god, yeah. So I stopped showing them and my nanny, she was sat there and she was like, well, I've already seen some of your house because I saw it in your video. And I realized she was saying like that she had watched my vlog that I posted where I was cleaning my bathroom because then I showed my bathroom, like my closet and stuff. And she does watch my content. I'm pretty sure she watches most of the things that I post. I just realized I can speak to her right now through this camera lens. Hi nanny, I miss you, I love you. And I'm thinking of you while I'm doing my art. And I'm making all these other people watching you have a conversation directly with you right now because I can, but this is just for you. And I miss you and I love you and I'm glad that you watch my videos. But now I'm gonna find out if you really watch my videos if you see this one hot. I hope you are watching otherwise and talking to myself. Well, this is what I truly, I don't like it as much as I like spews, spews way cuter. I'm gonna give him more plush. I get nervous sometimes when my family members watch my online content because I'm like, do I want them to see everything I say online? Like sometimes it's just for the ears of other 20 year olds. You know what I mean? Like I have little baby cousins that watch some of my stuff and I'm like, however, my nanny is one of the few people in my family that I would truly just feel comfortable with her watching any of my content. Because she's cool. So she's allowed. Oh no, I think I made a mistake with this white crayon. Sometimes you've got to get the crayons made here too. Otherwise, otherwise you can't use them properly. That's the final product. Now I'm gonna show you him next to his cousin spew and we're gonna introduce them. So this is spew, the other one that I drew. Ah, fuck, I didn't give him a name place. Here we go. Spew, meet, stew. Fuck it, why not? There you have it, spew and stew. Spew has been lighting up my life because he's the only like, he looks honestly. Like, okay, I don't know how much of a fan I am a stew. He may not permanently live on my fridge. But like spew brightens my mornings and he genuinely changes the whole vibe of my kitchen. There we have it ladies and gentlemen. That's the end of this video. Thanks for watching. I love you all so much. See you next Tuesday for another fucking video. Don't know what I'll be doing next week. Actually I do, but I can't tell you so. Um, I'll see you next week, same time same place. Why it's so threatening? If you guys could see the posture I'm doing right now, like this, I'm gonna walk backwards in the same position and then, whoa, and then turn to the sides you can see that. That's how I was just speaking to you at the camera. I was going, love you guys. Good night. See you next week, same time, someplace live bitch. Hello? I'm going now, love you. Hey. And bye, Nanny. Love you.