 Hey there, welcome back to my channel. So today I'm going to be redoing my garage. The garage is in too bad. So it's painted and there's some chips on the wall and also there's no trim in there. So it's just stuff that I want to do since it's such a nice day just to clean it up. Literally, they shouldn't take me more than two days to do. Spoiler, this took way longer than two days to do. And it's going to be very similar to the last project that I did if you want to check that out. I'll put it right here. But essentially I'm going to be doing it as cheap as possible with paint that I already have on hand and materials. And I kind of want to try something a little bit different with a painted trim with a plain white wall. So I just want to see how that's going to look because it may be something that I will be looking to do when the rest of the house. So keep watching. So here are some shots of what the garage looks like before. There's not really a lot of stuff in here. So it's not so much going to be decluttering but more so cleaning and giving it a fresh coat of paint. There is a lot of stuff that has yellowed over time. Our house is from the 1990s so it's definitely due for some updating. And the door frames here definitely could use some trim. We have some leftover trim that I'm going to use. I did end up having to buy a little bit of it but I think just some paint trim and a good clean is going to make all the difference in here. And that's really all this makeover is. Main reason why I want to clean up the garage is because I want to use the garage in the winter months. Put a space heater in here and work on DIY projects and paint furniture and just have a work space that's not in the house but something that I can warm up with a space heater over the winter so that I can still paint. I am one of those people that I want my space to be clean and bright. When I'm working on something it just helps me focus a lot better when I'm not worried about how the space around me looks. So I think that this is going to be really nice for the winter months. So here I'm just putting some spackling up on the wall. Honestly I don't even know how this happened. It seems that the top layer of the drywall has been just peeled right off so I don't really know what to do with it other than spackling it and then sand it just so that it's a nice smooth flat surface. But I think just this one part here will make it look a lot better and to be honest with you it completely drives me nuts every time I see it. So I'm very happy to see this covered up. So for paint I started off with the railings here. I gave it a nice clean before I started. There was a lot of rust on it. I went with fusion paint. I felt like that other than spray paint would be the best paint for the metal material that I was working with. I decided to go with my favorite color of Victorian white. I did debate doing it black but let me know in the comments what you think. Should I have should I have painted these black or do you think they'll look good with a fresh coat of white? I plan on using this. I'm pretty sure it's white paint. So this is almost a cool can. So I'm thinking that this is going to be the top layer if it's a nice white paint. These two. So this one here. This one was leftover from my other project. And this one I just is the last white campaign I'm not on hand. So I'm probably going to mix these two together because they're both about half a kV. So these two I'll use for the first coat and this I will use for a second. If I have to I will go out and buy white paint. Hopefully I don't what we will see. And then lastly I'm going to be using this leftover one. So this was actually used for our cupboards in the laundry room. It's a bit of a grayish. I don't know if it has a color on here. But this is the one that I'm going to be using specifically for the trim as well as the doors in there. Right now they're like gross white color with the stains on them. So I think if I put those a little bit darker it's just going to look make everything in there look a lot more clean. Here I'm just painting the trim with the grayish color I was talking about. And I think it looks really nice. I apologize for the lighting. A lot of times these projects I do in the evening. It's October at this point. So it gets dark really early. So I have to work at night and then unfortunately the lighting is terrible. But you'll see what it looks like at the end. So a time when I was way too optimistic to think that I could get this done in two days over the weekend. What ended up happening is I would just have to work on it little by little on my nights off from work. The reality of it is life gets in the way. We threw a Halloween party so that got me off track a little bit. Super fun party. So I got back at it, finished up around the frames. I cleaned all of that up and then I did the doors. It looked pretty good. You can't really tell in these videos again because the lighting so dark but it actually it dries darker than what you see here. And again I'll show you at the end what it all looked like when it came together. But overall I was super happy with how it was coming along and then I took a break. In January I put the paint brush down because we got a little puppy and boy was I not aware of how much work puppies are. The reality of it as well is we had a very cold winter. So even with the space heater going and me having the wood stove with the door open the garage was still too cold to paint in which I've never had living in this house. So it kind of, it's not to say that I took a break entirely. I was still doing some stuff around the house but I was pretty limited at that time with what I couldn't not do. Just because the puppy took a lot of my attention so unfortunately I had to abandon the garage makeover for the next couple of months at least waiting for the weather to get a little bit better and for the puppy to get a little bit more to own. And I think that's real life. You can't finish everything in two days especially when you're working a full time job. And although I was very frustrated that I wasn't able to finish it as quickly as I wanted to, I think that's real. I'm just going to give it a shake. Everything's pretty much prepped and ready to go. I filled in all the holes with sparkling and I've also sanded them down so it's nice to do. As you can see I haven't really put in any tape. I don't think I'm going to reason be these are pretty rough lines just because I'm going to put trim over top of it. So it is going to be a little bit more forgiving for that. And I think I'm going to try to get away with it because it takes a lot of time to paint. And same thing for the ceiling. I'd glee I would like to paint off the ceiling but looking at it I think I could use a coat of paint as well. I think I'm going to try to paint that as well. Okay, so we got one coat done. I think we're going to need at least three possibly four on hoping three. But it already looks so much brighter and fresher in here so I'm really happy about that. Alright, so we're back for day two of painting. I'm not going to lie to you. It's been a week. My husband and I were both pretty sick. So it's the weekend, the next weekend. So we're finally getting back to it. So far the second coat is on half and it looks pretty good. I think we could get away with three coats. My husband thinks it's going to take four but I'll be interested to see once we get the rest of the second coat done and then start on the third where we're at. I'm also really excited to see the trim up. That's going to be the best part about this makeover. It's so simple but I think it's just going to make it look so much nicer in here once we have that part done. Because right now you can see the door behind me. It just looks very unfinished. Even with the new paint on it. It's very unfinished. So I think this is the cheapest trim that you can get out of the store as well. Just having that paint in the same color as the door. I think it's going to make it. What do you guys think? Once this is done it should last for years. You know it's going to get dirty in here but at least it'll just be more so maintenance and at least we're starting with a nice fresh clean plain palette. One thing that I forgot to film was the trim that I used on the window. So I ran out of the trim for the door and I didn't feel like going out and buying new trim. So I ended up just using some scrap wood from some other projects. This is what I used in my laundry room on the wall and then I also used it to make a cat door with my husband which I have a short of on my channel. I am really happy with how it looked. I actually ended up making the bottom and top part of the window frame slightly longer than the sides and it just gives a really sweet cottage look and I'm really happy with how it turned out. And there you have it. Garage makeover that took eight plus months but I'm super happy with how it turned out overall and I can't wait to start doing some projects in here when the weather gets cooler in the fall. I do have some projects that I'm working on right now that I hope to share with you soon so stay tuned.