 For those who don't know me, I need to take you back to a time where I didn't have a garage. Back to 2020, back to the days of Covid and lockdown, where I started my channel. You must stay at home. Like millions of other people stuck in the house, I managed to find something that keep me occupied. So I started repairing cars from cold part on the drive. I had no experience but realised very quickly that the weather had a massive part to play. Just I'm going down with rain. This is a choice of not having a garage, chair and another brother. Rain pouring everywhere. No, this is not good. So I was determined not to get beaten by the weather. So I bought an all-weather canopy. But sadly I had to take it down as my neighbours reported me to the local authorities and I would have had a fine. So after being on a waiting list for well over a year, I couldn't believe it that I had my own garage. These garages were only intended for small cars and storage. So freezing cold, the concrete dust everywhere and poor lighting. At least I was dry and I started recording my videos. So I didn't waste any time decorating the garage. I rushed and got grey floor paint from screw fix and white masonry paint for the walls. I think the garage guys a new base for reviving salvage. This made a massive difference to the garage as a mid-igh brighter and cleaner. Bigger projects coming for the door this definitely felt like a workshop. With every project car there was more and more parts. I added more shelving to free up more floor space. With every new project I gained skills and confidence to tackle bigger and harder jobs. Ripping out gear boxes and axle stands on the floor. All this looked difficult but the others part was doing this all without electric or lights. So I had a plan and it was time to put that plan into action. After struggling with the rechargeable light and the films from a generator, it was time to go green and that involved using solar panels. To carry on recording through the winter I needed lights. To do that I bought a kit off Amazon. This included two solar panels and inverter and a solar controller. And I added two car batteries just for now. The power come from the inverter to an extension lead. All this made a massive difference as I could stay up the garage a lot longer. The lights work perfectly just as I planned. But not for long. While I was working on Tom's car replacing his clutch, my inverter had blown. I had no lights, no power, nothing. So he was back to the drawing board. For this garage to function as a proper workshop I needed to invest. Proper flooring and proper lights and most of all I needed something even bigger. So the first thing I needed to do was get the power back on. And I did that by buying an inverter from eBay. This is a massive inverter over 4000kW. Probably the most important part of any solar setup is the batteries. And I've searched these ones on Facebook Marketplace. Another thing that I needed was better solar panels. I got these off Facebook Marketplace, offer a house that was being upgraded. They're 290 watt each. The one thing I really let this garage down was the lack of any power at all. When I fitted the solar panel setup, I used an extension lead and just run everything from that. But that was so difficult and dangerous. I wanted it to be more user friendly and safe. So I put sockets on every wall. That meant I could use anything and plug it in on any side of the car that I was working on. And I know I won't get a trip over it. And I didn't have to run extension leads all over the garage. Next up is the floor end. Do you know why I've painted this floor end so many times? And it's just crumbled and flaked up. When I'm rolling around on a floor trying to fix a car, I get absolutely filthy. It holds all the dirt in that uneven surfaces and it desperately needs to be improved. There's so many options for garage floor end to choose from. But eventually I chose these plastic floor tiles from BigDug. So before I could even attempt to lay any floor in, I had to make sure the end of the floor was nice and clean. So it was only one tool big enough for this job. Silly little thing like plugging an uva in, you can take for granted when you've had no electric. This is an massive improvement to the garage already. It's time to lay the floor in and to start off with we're going to start laying the floor in at the front of the garage. Now one of the reasons why I picked these tiles, I wanted grey and black checkered but they were a little bit more expensive. And for now this is going to make a massive improvement anyway. So all black tiles and these are the studded version. They're solid, they're like a rubbery solid mat and they are four garages so with a traffic as well. So I bought these from BigDug. These are going to last a lot longer than this concrete floor. So the reason why I started laying the floor in at the front of the garage is I know exactly where the centre is. I can line it up from there to make sure that both sides are equal. So I can work back from the front or back to the back wall and then if I run out the tiles I can always hide the gaps of the back. I can't at the front and I also make sure that the garage door shuts first and locks properly. Another good thing about the floor in is obviously it's a little bit higher and with the rubber on the front of the shatter I will start these leaves from blowing in hopefully. What I also found was a nice touch, was the mallet was also included with the floor in. You can see how uneven the floor is and how much dust is sticking inside. But this floor is really forgiving and it can cover quite a lot of uneven surfaces and it goes together quite well. So it's only a small garage but you soon realise how much stuff you accumulate so I need to be really clever and how I use storage. So I'm taking away the existing shell vent and replacing it with something a little bit better. There's nothing wrong with the shell vent, it's just big and cumbersome and I needed something that was going to utilise our corner space a lot better. Now we really have to take your time when cutting the floor tiles as you don't get many extra tiles to be cut in. So if you waste them you're going to end up buying some more. I use a jig saw and a multi saw to cut the tiles and I just took my time but this took the longest out of everything and the lay in the floor. Just by taking the extra time to measure twice and cut once gives a garage a good finish. All the edges are all cut nice and I'm well happy about the way the floor is turned out. Do you know it's still I'm sinking how good these sockets are around the garage. They're going to make life so much easier when working on cars especially if you have to plug something in or you need to sand something down. You can just plug it in right next to it and with no extension needs. So this is one of two big deliveries this one's from SGS and I can't wait to get inside. So let's see what's inside this bad boy. So I've gone on board the garage storage system from SGS with a massive carbonate was shelving and drawers and a worktop. This is going to make a massive difference to the garage and utilize our corner space. What I'm concerned about is everything else is inside. So when this was going to live I was expecting a few boxes but it come in one big box and I weren't expecting everything to be crammed inside. I wouldn't want to be the person packing all this in because it's like a game of Tetris. So all the carbonate comes on wheels. To be honest I was quite surprised how easy it was to put together but if I didn't have my impact on it it would probably take twice as long but the instructions were really clear and easy to read and I didn't have to put all the drawer front signs so that was a bonus. To be honest I'm well impressed with the quality of this. There's one but another one to put together here. Very similar to differently out. So far I'm really impressed with the quality of these units. They weren't overly expensive but they weren't cheap either. So the big carbonate comes on these adjustable feet that you'll have to fit but which are great if you've got an even surface so you can get it level. This storage unit also comes with a desk or a worktop. It's really thick material to be fair and I was quite impressed with the quality but you can move it anywhere you want but I put it next to the carbonate like it is in the pictures. This is going to be a great space to sit down now and do these fine little jobs. I still wanted to keep some of the shelves so I put my plastic shelves in the corner up to the way from the front of the garage. You wouldn't even see this there but you still need some sort of storage to put your oils and sprays and everything else. What I also like about this unit is these drawers and cabinets can slide underneath the desk and pre-up space especially if you like me and there are a lot of room. This unit also comes with these metal plates that go on the back wall. These are designed so you can use hooks that come separately so you can knock spanners and things all over them but they just look nice. Just screw to the wall for now but I will do something with them later on. It also comes with two units at the top and some shelving. This looks absolutely amazing and more a difference. It's starting to feel more like a workshop. I'm very high-end and very professional. I've been waiting ages to get into this box so I've had to hit for about two or three weeks now. My wife and kids bought me this for my birthday and it's my first proper tool chest. I've never owned one. I've never had enough tools to go in one but I've been looking forward to having this and I've had it in the garage in the corner for a while just in this box waiting for this moment and I'm so chuffed putting it together. It's going to make it a lot easier just moving things around and when all my tools are in just one place. I can pull it closer to the car if I need to and move it around or I can just separate it with this little tool chest and put it somewhere else. Fantastic design. This is a massive moment for me. This is going to be so much of a game changer. I've wanted one of these platform lifts for a long time. This is off eBay and the company is GEG and I've messaged them and then we've got into a conversation and I've managed to get a little bit discounted price. Now that was a Mulfik delivery that I've added delivered. If you haven't got that I can go and collect it but I highly recommend having to deliver with the fork lift. There's no way you'll be able to lift this on your own. It is absolutely really, really heavy and good quality so there's no way you can lift this on your own. Before I start delving into this lift I want to talk to you a little bit more about GEG. GEG, Garage Equipment Group is one of the UK's largest independent suppliers of Garage Equipment. Include entire changers, wheel balances, two porcelifts, four porcelifts and cedar lifts. Located in North West England they are able to distribute Garage Equipment across the UK with multiple options for delivery. You can also go direct to site and collect if you wish but you will need a trailer. So they have plenty of options to meet everyone's budget. Why not try them out? GEG on eBay. A fantastic company and the link is in the description below. This platinum lift also comes with a mobile kit so I'm able to move and maneuver the lift all around the Garage to best suit whatever car I'm using so I can bring it forward or back depending on the length of the car. This is a lift uses hydraulic oil rather than compressed air. This is also included in mid-the-lift along with the instructions. What I love about this control panel is very modern and stylish but it's also everything is built in and compact. It also comes with wheels so you can maneuver it all around the Garage if you need to. So in this box you've got the transport wheels so you can move it around and we've got the rubber chocks as supposedly called them. Two different thicknesses. We've got through it all. One of my biggest issues is where to put the ramp. I think the controls are going on that side so that cable needs to be over the side so this needs to be twisted around so the opposite way. The only issue is this weighs an absolute ton. How am I going to get this off the pilot? So I needed the other wheels on so the only thing I could think of is using the jacket. Just to jack it up enough so I can get the transport wheels on so I'm able to at least pull this lift off the pilot. This was a struggle on my home to be honest. You don't realise how heavy this is. It doesn't look like much but it is really good quality and really heavy. So the lift comes with these plates to go on the front and back of the lift. Now these basically extend the lift a bit longer so if you've got a longer vehicle you can extend it a bit longer than they lock into place. But they also drop out of the way if you've got a shorter vehicle so you can get to the wheels. Pretty simple to fit but I did struggle with the clips. Now that's part of this. Just going to need a little clip to back on. Don't worry too much. I'm not going into much detail in this video. There will be another separate video on the installation of this lift. But I can honestly say the lift was very simple to set up and just follow the instructions and you'll have no issues at all. What I love about this lift is a single phase lift so I plagues directly into the mains and runs off the 240V. So my inverter is 4kW and it's draws about 2.2 so it shouldn't be any problems. Take care. Now you're good. So after a couple of days of working on this lift trying to get it to work, I've assessed out what was wrong and I'll explain what I've done. So these cables were part of the link up between the batteries and the inverter. They were joined up to these and the batteries are up there and what has happened is this cable is the proper cable from the inverter that I come with the inverter but what it happened is so this cable is a bit thicker than this cable and this was causing the current issue. So when the lift was being pressed it was drawing so much current and that the buy-earing couldn't cope with the demand. So the batteries were working but it wasn't supplying the inverter quick enough for it to draw the energy. I'm assuming. That's how I'm thinking this work in. Specifically the current was restricted by the thickness of the wire. So I've got the batteries down to shorten the buy-earing at the moment. What I'm going to be doing is moving these back up there. Probably a new set of batteries because these are only an NQ amp and I could do with bigger ones. The lift does draw quite a bit of power so I'll probably invest in bigger batteries again but for now that it works and when it gets thicker cables and a bit longer obviously they're going to be foosed with the foos to the brough-up batteries or a breaker and then it'll be back up on top but for now it has to work there. So let's try this lift one more time. I think this is fast. What can I say I'm absolutely chef the bit through my most recent purchase. These cabinets from SGS make a massive difference to the garage and make use of friendly. Everything is laid out and obviously I'm going to be improving things as we go along. I've already started working in here so that's why things are backed to a little bit of disorganised mess but I know where everything is. But this is absolutely amazing and I am chuffed to bits and this has been a speed up time no end. To tell me what you think of the garage update and what the garage is like now to tell me what you think of the new purchase. If you haven't already, don't forget to subscribe to the channel and like the video and they will catch you all in a bit.