 Alright, so it sounds crazy to say this, but we're on to the degree. It's moving into a bigger shop. We're started with a bare bone box of a grob. So this is going to be fun process because I've never from the start had an idea, lay out in flooring and paint, tie racks on the wall, lever rack up front, tool box on the right, and bite lift here. I noticed I was forward here and I'm going to go through that entire process and bring you guys along with me. I'm not an expert in any of this, but I definitely know how to do most of it. So it's going to be fun. So I'm going to please switch rack, tie them on the top. And bottom, but on the sides here, we're going to have the three panels in here. The four more are super rough. So I already hit this clip with a grinder. Now I'm just doing it a nice set of things. So I'm not the painter. I don't know if they will look nice between having the whole field for a miller level. All right. So I had this grand idea of setting up time lapses and getting them a foreign after transition on the paint. And it's like midnight. I ran out of time, honestly. So I'm just checking in. It's looking good. We got them before, after progress being made. All right. All right. The little left thing here. The garage is painted, which I'm super happy with how it turned out. I have a little bit more trim. I have to finish. And then I'm going to be loading in a toolbox. And I'm going to start hopefully get around to you doing the front floor and up here. I'm going to be able to do a couple more days shipping and waiting on that. So this is one of those hacks I saw on YouTube and I was like, no way. But masking windows takes forever. So this don't mask. It could be better. It could be worse, but overall, pretty happy with that. I got a little carried away with the nails, but the boards were blowing away from the wall of this. I just wanted to suck it in before I gave a cock line. This is the wall control setup that I run. These are 16 inches on center, the same as the stud pattern in the garage. So once you find your first stud center for the most part with the exception of a couple wall anchors, you can lock it in. And definitely impact over screw gun. The wall control stuff, you have freedom to place it wherever you like. And it actually securely locks in. And you can move it left, right, up or down. Once you get locked in, it just looks so nice up on the walls. So the garage set of this time around, we're going to not going to do epoxy floor. We're going to go with these tiles here. I wanted something a little bit softer on the feet and knees. I've never done it before. I've watched a couple videos online. I'm going to start the door, get the layout going, and then see when I eventually have to start cutting. I'm going to start the door. I'm going to start the door. I'm going to start the door. I'm going to start the door. I'm going to start the door. I'm going to start the door. I'm going to start the door. It's a beast. It's a beast. It's a beast. The machine on the steam, this is beautiful. The new whiteboard. I've never had a toolbox nice like this. I had a Sam's Club box mixed with a craftsman box for every five minute job. This is one of them putting the toolbox back. The clearance really matters with how these plugs go into the back of the box. I'm going to make a relief cut here for the cord to go down. It looks fantastic. It's starting to feel pretty moved in now. I've got the bikes at least positioned here in a working space. I've got the lift up. The wall control is starting to get some organization, tire rack, toolbox moved in, flooring. This is looking good. I'm loving it already. There's lots more to do, but Garage93 has a new home. It's looking better than ever.