 Little half one in a bunch of great bath I love Roll the dust and roll, go to paradise Little half one in a bunch of bath I dream of it all you can Roll the dust and roll, go to paradise And say, you're gonna win, win, win A little bit of feeling like I do When I get with you Like I found my home Hello, hello, oh my gosh, the sun just came out And it's bright today I am actually in my garage I moved into this house in about a week and with that It's just been so chaotic and busy like moving in Was a lot of late night runs and just shoving things into here And it's been a hot mess ever since So I've known that I've needed to come out here and go into the garage And work on it because right now it's like really unusable You can't walk through it, you can't find things in here It's been chaotic in a couple weeks We're gonna be opening up Christmas decor And just getting into the holiday season And I want this space to be organized, decluttered, all the things So that's what we're gonna work on today And I'm also fighting the weather because although it's pretty out And it's not too hot, I'm actually in a little sweater It is like raining on an office, just drizzling on and off all day It's been raining all night And I love this weather but I looked and I was like, can I do it tomorrow Or the next day and it's gonna be raining for days here So it'll be so much better once we're done So let me show you what we're dealing with, what we're starting with And then you're gonna see the fantastic after that can not be worse than this That'll be good, let's get into it Since we're kind of battling the rain on and off today I want to pull the jet skis out of the garage Then I'm gonna have actual room in here to go through things And I won't have to be like pulling things out of the garage Pulling it back in to get them out of the rain and all that stuff But as you can see, the jet skis are not clear They have stuff piled on them, they have stuff all around them Kind of in their field of like having to get out So let's pull out a few things quickly Get the jet skis pulled out and then we'll actually start Going through things to puttering and organizing Today's the first time fall I think too much of the pick of the pistol I want you to lie. I want you to lie. I want you to lie. All right. It is actually several days later. I had a little mishap with my jet skis. I shared over on Instagram the jet skis kind of ran away a little bit and I had to stop them so they didn't go into my neighbor's house. My neighbor actually came home or came over and helped me get the jet skis on the side of the road. Later that night, it was raining and I had my windows open so I was trying to get up. And I ended up kind of like not being able to get up out of the bed. Like my back was just hurting so bad and I kind of ended up falling to my knees next to my bed. And I passed out, I think because of the pain, but that's something that sometimes happens with me. And then I called my mom, like kind of freaked out when I realized what had just happened. And I was just stuck on the ground and I passed out a second time. So I ended up calling my friend as she drove me to the emergency room. I went in and got some x-rays taken and they found right where I was saying it was hurting. Your vertebrae is supposed to have like a gap between it, between each vertebrae piece. And mine was like shifted in right there. And she said there's no surgery or anything. I'll probably get like flared up in the future, but it'll just kind of stay that way, but the pain will go away. So they ended up giving me some muscle relaxers and I've been taking some pain meds, which I'm not typically like a medicine person. I try to do like whatever natural things I can first. So the pain meds have been like helping me a lot. Anyway, my mom ended up coming down just to kind of help me through the day and through the night, which has been so helpful, but I need to get my jet skis out of the driveway, which means I need to get this garage organized. And I can actually like be a bit more up and about today. So we are going to get hopefully all of it done, but definitely as much as I can, let's just carry on. Okay, so a lot of this actually came from the storage unit, which is why I have like boxes and boxes of decor. A lot of this again is also even from like room rescue, which I kind of plan on picking up. Again, I just, I need to get my house and everything in my life a little bit more settled before I jump into all that. So I'm going to keep my very favorite things that I think all they're used for my house or someone else's house, and then everything else is gone. Okay, before we get too far into this big garage declutter and organize, I wanted to say a huge thank you to growth therapy for teaming up with me in today's video. If you've been here for a while, you know I've shared a bit of my story, and part of that is how therapy has had a huge impact on my life. Now, over the last year specifically, it has given me the tools that I use consistently to navigate all the big things going on, and even just manage the little daily stresses. And honestly, I've said this so many times, but I just don't know where I'd be without it. Everybody can benefit from having that kind of support in your life. That is why I'm so excited to partner with growth therapy because they believe that mental health care should feel simple and accessible, and they're making therapy easier to access, more affordable, and just made to fit real life. So with growth therapy, you can book your appointment in as little as two days, even on nights and weekends, and you get to choose a therapist who actually fits you. I feel drained by identity, language, faith, expertise, and more. It's also insurance-friendly with sessions costing as little as $0 depending on your plan, and there's no subscription, so you just pay per session. Now, what I love most is that growth therapy gives you real choice and transparency, so you're not matched blindly, you actually get to know your provider before booking. Now, to learn more about growth therapy, head to the link in my description, or you can scan the QR code on the screen for a quicker way to get support and find a therapist. And thank you again to Grow Therapy for sponsoring today's video. Be sure to check them out through the link in the description. How you gonna do me like that? Give it to me just to take it all back. Trying to tell me that it's in my head. You should know what does it work like that. Guess you need some time, yes, please. I'll give you some time, yes, please. So yeah, yeah, yeah. Tell me something, yes, please. Just don't even see this way. Give me some time. So very quickly, I think you've heard it to say, but as I was starting in this to garage declutter, I wanted to set up a few different boxes. I have trash because there's always gonna be literal garbage as your decluttering stuff. And then I also have two boxes, one for donate and one for sell. And then once those fill up, I just kind of replace those. You can use laundry baskets, but I ended up saving a bunch of my moving boxes when I just moved a few months ago. And so those are kind of what I'm using to make it a little easier. One thing that I always want to encourage you with, and I always try to do this to myself too, and I'm decluttering is don't be hard on yourself when you're decluttering. It can be emotional, and it can sometimes feel very overwhelming, especially when you're just getting back into decluttering. Like I have not been decluttering for a little while, because obviously I've been going through my divorce, and moving, and there's just been a lot of moving parts. But this was a lot to go through. I didn't get rid of probably a third or a half, and I actually hope to use lots of these items for others homes. But I know that I will definitely be decluttering more later if I find that I'm not using those items. So just keep in mind decluttering is something that you need to do regularly, and you need to do it over and over again. It's the same with organization. Like you don't do it once, and you're good forever. It's something that is just repetitive. So if you're doing a big decluttering, you feel like you didn't get rid of enough. Don't worry, you will have to go back through in a later time, but you can always continue to declutter more and more. And I feel like it's almost like a muscle when you declutter. And more you do it, the easier it is to let go of things. And so if you're out of the habit or kind of new to it, it will get easier over time. That's just how I found that works. Also, I want to say I really need to go through my entire home once we get a little bit more settled. I can't get enough of it. I can't get enough of it. I just want to let time flies. I can't get enough of it. Because if you love a guy, that's the heavy you that I got for a soul. I, I, you, want to let him go. I got to have it. You that I got for a soul. I, I, I, you, want to let him go. You see him say, do you mean boy? This whole process, even though my back was a bit sore, it felt so good to do because when I was moving, I had to not only move out from my old house, but I also needed to clear out my storage unit, which I feel like is where a majority of this stuff came from. And typically, I would be decluttering as I was moving, but like I shared, I did this in such a short time. I was out within a matter of a week. And then also it just was very emotional. And so the whole process just created a big mess in here and I knew I needed to tackle, but as I was moving, was not quite the right time. I'm not going to let me do that. I'm not going to let you go. I'm not going to let you go. All right, I went inside for a little break. My back is starting to get sore, but I'm pushing through. I feel like it still looks a bit chaotic in here. It's actually so much better. So this piece right here, I'm selling, those are actually items I'm not going to be going through right now. They're like Christmas items. So I'm going to go through those when I actually start decorating for Christmas. So those are not an issue today. Everything that's outside of the garage right now has already gone through. I have this pile, which this one, has some old pictures. So I'm going to have to go through that. This is Christmas slash, like the fall that I already went through. And then I have a couple things up here. Mostly this is paint. We have a couple of things over here. And then I just want to kind of like organize some of the tools that I have. So we are making like really, really good progress. Let's keep going. I got this feeling. Also, I went and changed because I was getting chilly. It's like 50s to 70s. And it's just getting a little cold here. Not cold, it's just getting chilly. We can do what we want to do. Cause we got time in the world. For better the worst, we should stay together. So let's stay young and in love. We should focus on us. Forever. Yeah, baby. Yeah. Oh, I feel like I know. We can run away across the ocean. Baby, what you say? We can't live today. Anywhere we'll go. We'll be alright. It's on you. It's on you. It's on you. It's on you. Just a few days ago was my birthday on October 17th. I'm officially 36 now. And I think this year will be a lot better than 35. Because 35 was rough. And I know there will be a lot more emotional and tough times this year as well. But I feel like I'm kind of on the upswing. And ever since moving into this new home, I've found so much more peace. I've just felt overall so much better. And I actually had the best birthday that I've think I've ever had this year. Like just a few days ago. I felt so incredibly loved. I felt all of my friends and family just rally around and show up. And it's something that I've kind of learned actually recently is whether or not it's true. When people feel like you have a lot of support in your relationship, they might feel like you're being taken care of. But without getting into everything, now that everything is the way it is, I have just felt like friends and family have shown up so intensely. And I just felt so much more loved and special than I ever have on my birthday. And honestly, I cried so many happy tears because of it. And it actually just ended up making me realize we really need to rally around people. Even if from the outside they appear to be taken care of or however they want to think of it, we all just need those people in our corner. And so anyway, I was just incredibly grateful especially on my birthday. And I want to say a big thank you to you guys too. Because so many of you guys that actually wished me happy birthday and I just appreciate them so much. Alrighty, we are onto a new day. There really is not that much left I swear. So we have, let's kind of go through things. We have this section all done completely. These two sections, I still need to kind of organize a little bit in there, but everything there is keeping. So that's good. So I'll need to go through some of that. And then this section, so this section is all good as well. I do need to go through, wow that's bright. I do need to go through these cabinets and then a few things in here. But these are like keepsake, so I'm honestly going to bring them inside and sit on the couch when I'm feeling kind of emotionally strong and go through them then. I have all this stuff out here on the driveway. That's all actually going to be donated. And I have a few things in here that I'm going to end up selling. So we are making some progress. My back was really killing me last night. I was like, gosh, I know I was going to pay for that. It's a little bit in my personality to just kind of have a hard time like totally sitting still. I did do that for several days. It was kind of good in a way, but I honestly feel like I've been, because I've been kind of taking it slow emotionally and mentally I've been like struggling. So I just, this is actually good for me. I'm still taking it easy out here, like mentally, yesterday was such a better day. So we're just, we're just rolling with it anyway. Let's get back into it. So I'm just coming up, but you're ready to go. We can take a ride, we can take it slow. We're listening to my law, I'ma let you be the boss, because I'm going to go. I'm taking two of these, we can see it all. Stand for the ad, jack and break your fire. We're listening to my law, I'ma let you be the boss, because I'm going to go. We're in a well done, I'll get you back up again. The things you'll try, I think that you won't regret. We are a case of regret. So these cabinets were actually organized a bit by my mom when I was moving in. So I would be working on things inside the house, and she was out here kind of organizing this. And it was so helpful when I was first moving in, but then when I had to add the storage unit items, that's when everything went crazy in the garage, and it just became a mess. And that was also before I had the shelves on the other side. So I did want to shift these things around, and then of course, like go through and declutter things. Now the home decor and stuff like that from Room Rescue, that was not super emotional, but inside the storage unit, there was some things like personal items and things that was a lot more emotional. And it's something that I've been struggling with, so like I've just been holding on to those things. Now like I said, I am still in the middle of going through my divorce, so it's not finalized or anything yet. But very recently, I have just felt a feeling of not needing to keep my wedding ring anymore. There has just been so much that's happened, and my ring was always so special to me, but over the course of last year, and especially in the fall, it just lost its meaning, and so I had stopped wearing it before I ended up filing for divorce. But I've held on to it this entire time, I've just kept it in a safe place, because I really wanted to make sure that I'm making decisions throughout this entire process without emotion. I just don't want to make permanent choices out of her anger, and so anything that I'm really unsure about, I will keep it, I'll hold on to it, and just kind of pack it away and deal with it another day. But during this process, I did end up getting rid of some memorabilia things. Now I am keeping some pictures for my kids to look at one day if they ever want to go back and look, and just because this is a very emotional process, I'm doing the best I can. It's definitely been very hard to navigate, but I do feel like if I'm making these decisions in a calm state, it's something that in the future, I will end up regretting. One of my big goals when I move is getting everything out of a box, because I've literally lived somewhere and then moved to the next house, and there are boxes that never got unpacked, and I hate that. So that is one of my top goals, and I think I'm almost there. Something that I used to do a lot is I used to sew. I actually sewed all of my kids' baby blankets. I did soccer, football, and baseball for different for each of them, and they still have them, and I used to sew a lot of things. I would sew pillow covers, I would sew table runners, I would just sew like I was not a professional or anything like that. Definitely beginner still, but I just loved it, and I have not stuck with that for years, I haven't sewed anything in years, and I was even thinking about getting rid of my sewing machine, and I'm so happy I didn't, because I think that's something like a hobby that I might start getting into. Yeah, so time to pull it out. I'm so happy, I'm so happy, I'm so happy, I'm so happy, I'm so happy, I'm so happy, I'm so happy. I just love you, look my way, but yeah, yeah, she didn't even see me gaze today. I know I am nobody to you, and it feels just like you want me to go now, but I hope you sew it down, hope you sew it down, because what I really need is your time, just like I got, like you like that, just like that. Gosh, I cannot tell you how good it's felt to have this garage organized. Now I am actually planning on getting back into room rescue, which if you're new here, room rescue is basically where I will go to someone's home here in the Phoenix Valley, and it will completely redo one room in your home. That could be a kitchen, living room, bedroom, bathroom, whatever. Obviously, since everything that's been going on, that's been very much put on hold, but I am planning on getting back into that once things settle down. I'm sure once the divorce and everything is all finalized, so hopefully in the future, I'll be bringing several of these items to some of your homes here in the Phoenix Valley. So I'm not going to say it's happening right away or like super soon, but stay tuned for that, because it is coming age really do want to get back to that. I know I am nobody to you, and it feels so secure, want me to go now. But I hope you're so, don't hope you're so, don't lose, but I've been really busy. Alright, if you remember the beginning several days ago, how this was looking, it was a hot mess. Oh my gosh, you could not walk through the garage. It was just chaos and clutter everywhere, and now look at it. I know I need to bring the jet skis back in, so obviously those are going to fill up a good portion of the middle of the garage. But everything else has a home, and like I said, I do still want to get rid of even more, but I wanted to put a big dent in it, and now at this point, everything has a home, everything has a space, everything's pretty much off the floor, and you can walk very easily through the garage, and it just feels so, so much better. I cannot explain like the weight that has been lifted off of me, knowing that the garage is put together. Now as we go into more of the holiday season coming up in just a few weeks, I'll be able to find things very easily. I know exactly where to put things away, because everything has a home. So anyway, if you have a garage like this, or even if it's not a garage, even if it's your closet, or bedroom, or whatever it is, I know it can feel overwhelming. You don't have to do this all in one. It felt smooth like I did today, but you can take your time with it, and I guarantee you will end up feeling like it was absolutely worth it in the end. So anyway, I hope you guys enjoyed today's video. I hope you got a lot of motivation, and maybe some tips for decluttering along the way. And I have a house projects video that I'm working on currently, so I will see you guys next week in that video. Bye guys!