 Guys, I'm at Barris to show you what's behind this door. Because it's bad. Oh, we walk a mole. I think an animal's been living up here. Look at that spider! Oh my God! And in fact, my wife is so embarrassed that she can't even show her face right now. That's why she's not here. Because it's real bad. Oh, wow. Oh, wow. Oh, what's that? And to add to our shame, yes, this is the third year in a row that we've let our garage get like this. Hey! It's so... It's leaving me! Ah! So bad! Oh my God! What happened in here? This is embarrassing. I feel like an animal's gonna pop out. I'm sorry, buddy. And normally, I would just avoid the mess like I have for the past three years, but I can't do that right now because we're trying to put our house on the market. Like, super soon. So that means we've got to tackle the garage yet again. And I feel like this time the mess has gone boss level one. I'm pretty sure it's not a massive pile of food. That's definitely because this isn't same. Oh, I might burn. But don't worry, guys, because I have a plan. I have a plan! I also have some legit garage clean-out tools. This isn't one of them. Tool number one is these workhorse gloves. Quality since 1907. Tool number two is, well, some glasses because it's ridiculously bright out here. Have mercy on me, brother. Tool number three is one of my kids for gotten and lost water bottles with all these little cute stickers on it. And the lid, that doesn't really work. But it contains ice cold water with electrolytes! And those are important, you know, when it's over 90 degrees outside here in Texas and you're working inside of a garage with no AC. And then my final tool, well, it's just a man. And it's will to survive, see how you get the tiger. And like I mentioned, I have a grand planning master plan for tackling this project. But before I tell you about it, I'm going to go ahead and rip off this bandaid and open this garage door. One, two, three. Embarrassed is mean! Holy guacamole. Goodness, gross yes. Everywhere you look, there's junk. I have nothing to say. This is embarrassing. Alright, we're going to pause real quick because we just got an exciting delivery and I'm ready to open this thing up. Also, thanks to Drio for sponsoring today's video. I'm excited to check this thing. Definitely going to come in here to hear some Texas. Like, can you tell what this is? Amazing peasy. So summer is definitely officially here and here in Texas. We are pretty much always looking for ways to keep cool. Other than obviously just living in the summer pool. This is Drio's Turbo Poly fan. And if you haven't heard of Drio before, they're actually the number one household fan brand on Amazon for the last three consecutive years. It's been getting pretty toast to some of our projects lately, so I'm excited to have this and be able to use this. This powerful fan is able to circulate air across the entire room. And here we are in the base room of our house, so we're going to test it out. I can feel it all the way over here. Like, a lot. That's crazy. It's super powerful, guys. It has nine different speeds and ultra quiet operation. It's like... How I fuck. It's a bit chilly. How are you blowing on me now? It has a digital panel and remote control and is fully controllable with the Drio AF, Alexa, Siri and Google. Drio has a really good mid-year sale going on right now. You can save up to $160 and use our exclusive discount for an extra 20% off on top of that. So be sure to check out that link in the description below. Well, let's go in and assess the damage, shall we? Old edger, old mower, old bike ramp, old spike ball, old t-shirt, gross, bull bike with a bag attached to the pedal. 497 old paint cans, make that 507 extra paint cans. Actually, that's 510 paint cans, 511 to 516. And I think that's pretty much it. Oh, wait, 518. All right, well now that we've seen the colossal mess, let's talk about that grand plan. Okay, so here is the master plan for tackling this garage. I don't have a plan. I just... I don't really know what to do. Okay, actually, I just thought of something. Step one, take everything out of the garage. Like, absolutely everything. Step two, divide everything in the garage into three piles. We have the keep pile. We have the giveaway pile and we have the throwaway pile. I mean, I don't know about you guys, but I just feel like that's a genius plan. Like, there's probably very few people on earth who could come up with such a complicated and comprehensive garage clean-out plan. I guess the only thing left to do is to do it. Yeah. So gross in here. Electric lawnmower. What do you guys think? Keep? Well, not some microphone off. Okay, anyways, keep, give away or throw away. I'm thinking throw away. Now I'm just keeping it. Andrea's tools. Give away. I like my marriage. Keep. This box. Keep. I can't remember the three piles. Keep. Give away throw away. I've got an idea. Throw it on the roof. Have you duty trash bags? Keep. Little solar generator. Keep. Chair. Keep. Little bitty baby chair. We keep. We keep huge progress, guys. Got about six items out. And I'm feeling really overwhelmed. All right. Keep. Actually, it feels pretty good. You know, and I just realized these aren't keep. These are going to the freestyle. Got too excited to put it too far over. It's almost in the throwaway pile. Andrea, Andrea, Andrea. You know, it's a really horrible idea. Barring inside a hot garage with no- E- E- I feel like this table is going to cause problems later. I think I need to move it further this way. I need to move it further this way. It's all right. Good. Think we have our first throwaway item. Question for you. You guys know any ladies who own two paint sprayers? Hi, do you think this one's actually throwaway? It doesn't work anymore. For our largest item of the day, we have Andrea's work bench. What she made, of course. Wouldn't expect any different leaves from DIY wine. The man can never have too many hammers. I'll tell you what. Looking in the Minecraft movie. I also feel like I shouldn't have had Taco Bell for lunch. That is becoming an increasingly terrible idea within a hot confine garage. I really should have myself a path through here. These things are so gritty. They're going straight in the trash can. Which is right back there. That's in, folks. Well, look who decided to show up finally. She's literally walking away. Sorry guys, she's just too embarrassed. Can't take it being in this garage. Because it's 98% her fault. I'm just kidding. And she really wouldn't be happy if I said that. So please, don't tell her I said that. Even if it's true. Just what am I even looking at? Can you anybody? What do we got? Ah, why'd I do this to myself? Still a little trash clean up here. These leaves are going to have to get swept up. And what the heck even is this? Mago soil. All right, pretty sweet. Oh, even weirder. And let me know what this is. What's taking place? Keeper. I'm going to have to get swept up. Keeper. Just go away. The alien heater. Here, this has a nice little home decor section going on here. I'd like to welcome you to the free store. All right, I think I'm making progress in here. At least it feels like it. So I start looking out this way and I'm like, oh my goodness. All right, next step. Tackle this shelf. Red rider, baby gun. Oh, hey. All right, pretty good progress. There's still a long way to go folks. I'm not looking forward to this section. Sometimes you got to do what you got to do. I suppose it makes sense to start with the bikes, yeah? You guys want to see a cool trick? Back in the day, boys and girls. This is your deemy boy. Loves him spiking of all kinds. No, it ain't my- Whoa! I still go here. So I wanted to update you guys that I also have started a brand new fourth pile. It's called the Andrea. I have no idea what this is. You're going to have to make sense of it pile. And it includes maybe some parts for like a paint sprayer, some sort of spider man web and bamboo flutes, a hyperdrive and an alien radar. So yeah, I'm going to need her to make sense of this. Yeah, I think I've caught on to what Andrea is doing when I rode the bike. I caught a little glimpse of it. I'm doing what I rode the bike. I caught a little glimpse of her doing a secret project. You didn't want to tell me about it. It is my opinion that she is playing hooky. You don't want to work in the garage or what? No comment. I'll see how it is. Do you care to tell the people what is out you're doing here? No comment. All right, we will check back in with her later. I'm going to let her do a thing for now. She's pretty, she's in the zone over there. She don't want to be messed with. Okay, I have an exciting announcement to make. And no, Andrea is not pregnant. And no, we're not moving. Well, not yet at least. The real announcement is that in a few weeks, I'm going to be hosting the YouTube summer intensive. This is a six week live boot camp designed to help you get your YouTube channel off the ground without the guest work. And this boot camp is going to be broken down into three main components. Number one is teaching you my YouTube operating system. This is my exact content creation system, which includes step by step instructions for how to tackle what's the right niche for you? Strategy, writing, filming, editing, thumbnails, titles, tags, the works. The second part of the boot camp is live coaching sessions. Each week, you'll join me live in a classroom with other students where I'll unpack an in-depth teaching and then we'll leave plenty of time for Q&A so you can ask personalized questions and get direct feedback from me. And the third part of this boot camp is weekly challenges. Each week, you'll be assigned a new challenge so you can actually take what you're learning and apply it in real time. And the system that I'm giving you inside of this boot camp is the same exact system that my other students are using to get some pretty crazy results. Like Lauren, who gained a thousand subscribers in seven days and her first video hit 40,000 views. Or April, who hit a thousand subscribers in 14 days and her latest video has reached over 70,000 views, which is a new record for her channel, Go April. Or Christine, who is struggling to get more than 10,000 views of video and her latest Mill Prep video has gone over 150,000 views, which is also a record for her channel, Go Christine. So if you've been thinking about starting a YouTube channel for forever but you feel like you lack the tools and the confidence to make it happen, then this six week summer boot camp is for you. So to get more info or even join the wait list, just click the link in the description. And let's build your channel with clarity and confidence. Alright, let's do it! I love moving junk! Okay, I've had an idea. Wait. What if instead of individual trips of all these little bottles and cans, I used bags. Oh yeah! No, but seriously, you might be asking yourself the question, how do you get this mini paint jars, wax, primer, stain, spray paint? It's just a little inside scoop on how many projects we've truly done. Alright, if I go any more on this, I won't be able to carry it. Okay, you know what, you may not be able to carry it out. Bad number two! Alright, I know it's not that big a deal, guys. I'm just trying to keep myself entertained here. This is really... Really? Really. Really. Really. Really. Really. Repetitive and kind of boring. But hopefully for you as a viewer, we do all that good editing magic, you know? You know that editing magic, we're this thing to my hands, and then magically it's not. Whoa, you know? Or that thing I do wherever I use the force. Yeah, it's all just part of the editing magic. Welcome to Dean's magic show! See? It's real. But now it's gone. How did that happen? No one knows. Couldn't be editing magic. For our next trick, we have two cans. What I'm gonna do is when I nod my head, something magical is gonna take place. Ready? Would you look at that? They went into my shirt. But I've saved the best trick for last. Whenever I clap my hands like this, I'm going to disappear. And these shelves are gonna clean themselves. All right! Well, I hope you kids enjoyed that magic trick because it took me and our editor about a combined 45 minutes. Let's draw a very lemonade for the win. Alright, so my goal is to finish this shelf, which would finish this wall. And I'm feeling pretty jazzed up after that strawberry lemonade. Alright, well as you can see, that completes wall number one. Which sounds a little depressing when I think about it. That I've only completed one wall and this whole garage. But I think in reality, I'm more like a third to halfway done. Somewhere in between there. And for now, I need to go ahead and call that a day because tonight I have a little special event going on. Boys night! Wooo! All right. Well, it's day two. And I have some bad news. When I estimated my progress yesterday. But I think in reality, I'm more like a third to halfway done. I made a bit of a mistake. I realized that I was only calculating the percentage of what I had taken out of the garage. I was not calculating. Doing all of the cleaning. Nor did I calculate. Putting everything back into the garage and organizing it. So if I'm honest, I'm a little bit discouraged in this moment. But you know what? We're gonna make it happen. And to help with the encouragement, I went ahead and reversed my outfit from yesterday. Because that's just fun. All right. So we finished wall one. We're moving on to wall number two. But I've yet to talk with Andrea about this wood pile here. So I'm just gonna leave that for now. And move on to this section here. This should be just so much fun. Oh man. Tell you what I'd rather be doing right now. All right. I need your professional opinion. Should we just leave this? Or do we need to take all this out too? Maybe you take it out and can I sort through? Like, I'll put those stuff where I'm going to do it. I'll just sort through, like, I'll put those stuff where I'm keeping on the shelves up there. I was really hoping for a different answer. All right. So change of plans. Now we're gonna be removing all the wood from this wall. That happened. Don't worry. It's just stuff falling off of the shelves and exploding. Moving on to the top shelf. Whoa. Please don't fall in me. It's just all dangerous at all. Oh, crap. I did not realize this big board was on top. Oh, here's a beefy board. You think I can get this whole stack in one go? I think we got it, guys. Oh, actually, I don't know if we got it, guys. That is quite heavy. Oh, okay. You know what? Safety first, right? You know what I mean? Let's not do something dumb today. Let's be smart. Holy smokes. This is so heavy. I would have been crushed by that whole load. All right, folks. That is the wood section done. It's looking really clean, really crisp. We're having a great time. So that means we're ready to move on from here and into this beautiful section here. I think this one's going to go fast, but there's some heavy hitters in here. Like, boxes of foreign, which are heavy. I probably start by getting this stuff out of the way, so I don't bump my head on it. But not my microphone off one more time. I'm going to scream. I just knocked my microphone off again. Now, this is interesting, folks. Saw horse. And I didn't realize we've had these a whole time. An Andrew has been making up all her weird saw horse contraptions. We had a pair of these all time, man. Ah, wasps. Get out of here, man. Just go away. I think you did. I'm kind of afraid I'm going to find an animal back here. It's happened before. All right, so we have had a large possum sighting. No. I need something to stand on. It's just so gross. Oh, it's just so gross. Body's like right there. You scared. You scared. Oh, my gosh. Hey, this is why you don't leave a mess in your garage. Oh, my gosh. That's like the size of a cat. Oh, my gosh. What is that? Oh, my turn. Not Mahalo, my guy. I actually, like, cut into my shoe a little bit. You know what? You're going in the giveaway pile. Oh, my gosh. Oh, my gosh. What is that? What is that? You're going in the giveaway pile. That's not the most annoying sound of all time. Goodness. Whoa, what's that? Oh, my gosh. Why is it falling so heavy? All right, all right, all right, all right. I know the kids want to see more magic tricks. So here we go. Magic. Amazing, right? Summer is in magic is really hard and takes a really long time. So we made some serious progress, which is definitely exciting. And I can hear Andrea out there. She's working on something. Let's go check out what she's doing. This is going to look so much better. Yes. Like, why did we wait? Why did people do this? Were you wait until you're going to sell your house to, like, do all the things? Like, she's the edge of the mailbox here. Nice. That looks so much better. I think so. I think so. It was pretty bad. What do you think? Huh? What do you think? It's crazy. It's a little bit of a... What do you think? It's crazy. It's a little bit overwhelming. It's messy. Good job. It's messy. It's dirty. All right. So we've made good progress. And it is now time to move on to the final wall in this project. So this is it. This is all that's left to get out of the garage if I don't look up. And then after that, I don't want to think about what comes next, because it's a doozy. I would like to start with this contraption up here, because it feels the scariest. Oh, it's... Gosh. Probably wrap poop pouring on my face. It is very heavy. And I also have no clue what this is. Someone tell me what you think this is. Like, wood frames? Better. Hollow? I don't know, man. Ow. Okay, let's see what we got. Here, oh, come on. It's two. One for a record. One, two, three, four. Ah! What? One. Are you kidding me? One. One, two, three, one, two, three, four, five, six, six. I'll take it. Oh, big, big, big boy. I have to de-. What? Boy needs to lay off the DQ. DQ stands for Dairy Queen. They call it the Texas Stop Sign. And we got this guy. I mean, his name is Husky. Husky boy. Alright, well that finishes up this wall. And that finishes up the clean out of this entire garage. Woo! And I should be excited about the progress, and I am. The next step in the process is one that I'm not looking forward to. And so that's why I'm going to go get lunch. When you're doing a lunch break, there's really only one place to go. Chick-fil-a! What's your Chick-fil-aater? What? What's your Chick-fil-a order? Mine is Spicy Do Look Sandwich Meal with Pepper Jack, Lemonade Easy Ice, and four Chick-fil-a Sauce. And do not try and shame me for how much Chick-fil-a Sauce I get, okay? Chick-fil-a is so good, man. Well, my smoke breaks over. And I thought the next step was to start sweeping out and cleaning this garage. But Andrew has informed me that I've made a great mistake. She said, there's stuff inside of these cabinets. So I guess I'm going to start clearing out these cabinets. I'm not done with the clean out. There's a lot of stuff in this garage that I'm like, I have no earthly idea what this is. No! I can't take another clean up job, my guy. Okay, yeah. You know what? I think you're going to go on the You Know What pile. Goodbye, my friend. I didn't think to look inside these drawers. I'm really hoping that there's nothing in there. Okay, one item. That's pretty good. Drill battery. She's probably looking for that. Empty. Perfect. That means this lower is done. Now on to you, buddy. You're next. This is all just junk left from the last people who moved out. All right, well, that's this side done. And I just figure out what the heck. She's just used magic to do this side. Ready, go! Hey, and we are done. I love magic. But before I move on to the next phase of this garage clean out, the one I'm really not looking forward to, let's go check out what Andrew is doing. She's got her own project going on. You know what's on? Yeah, man, look at this. I'm like, this thing is not that expensive. We've been looted with the broken mailbox with no flag for years. All these things, and why didn't we do this? Look at this. It's magnetic. Ooh, cool. I don't know why that's so satisfying. Ooh, it's not safe. Well, I suppose there's no getting around it, folks. It's time to do that job that I really don't want to do. It's time to sweep and spray out this nasty garage. And let me show you just a little taste test as to why I'm not so thrilled on this next job. Third pile, leaves, and maybe things hiding under the leaves. Grody Bird's e-pile. And that better not be poop. And speaking of poop, that's definitely poop. That's some delicious cat poop. Well, it's not that it's delicious, like, I didn't say that right. And just a general layer of filth. Step one will be, oh, we'll be to use the push broom, where I will be sweeping out all of the dust in the breeze. I think I'm going to need the biggest dust pan of all time. I failed to see these 90-year-old fishing poles. And you don't have to get the baby broom out for some of these little cracks and crevices. Have we made a dent yet? Maybe. At least enough of a dent to get a water break. Mm. Lemon nine. Plus, when I was inside, Andrea gave me a great idea. Hey, you should wear a mask. Good thinking. Good thinking. Let's go later on a moment. That's good to work. You know what I just thought of? Probably should have done the edges first. Section one done. Ready for phase two. This is so gross. Ew. Ew. Ew. Ew. Ew. Through all the animals who pooped in my garage, I just want to say no thank you. Ugh. No. Dooky nuggets. That is the grossest thing I've ever seen. This is poop dust. You catch me? Straight from the poop. Under this. Mass. Now, some might say that right there is a pile of separation. Aww. Hey, I genuinely am not looking for this. But as a wise man once said, you got to do what you got to do to. Oh. That's a lot of poop. Moving on to pile number two. This mask is really killer inside of a garage of no AC around 100 degrees. Okay. Wow. There we are. Go away, dude. Right. Well, now we're ready for the next phase of this project. So I was really hoping that a thorough sweeping would do the job as far as cleaning in here. But as you saw by the Grody footage earlier. Whoa. Dooky nuggets. This thing is going to need to be sprayed out. Hardcore. Well, look who decided to show up to work today. Uh-huh. Black hole. Are there wasps? Did you hit some wasps in here and keep seeing a wasp flying around? I didn't see any nests. I just kept getting pestered by this one wasps. Oh, wait. Okay, can you be honest with me? Is the reason that you've avoided this garage because you were traumatized last time by the possible? Oh, my gosh. Oh, my gosh. Oh, I thought you were going to say traumatized by just the amount of work. Well, both. Yeah, probably more so than work. Good work, babe. That's a lot. It's so hot, too. It's a little warm in here. I'm like, if we move, we're going to figure out the garage organization. Yes, we are. The house we're looking at has a nice garage. I'm like, I'm having a workshop. If we end up staying, then we're going to like, well, maybe we'll spend a little more time making it look pretty in here. Whoa. Calm down, Blaster. All right. So my plan is to kind of go one section at a time starting with this wall. And yes, we do have cleaner in this as well. And I'm definitely spraying out that dude. Hey, Dean. Why did you do the desktop first before doing the uppers? That we're then going to drip dirt and nasty water down onto the countertop. I don't know. That's a great question. Now, Dean, why did you do the countertop first and not this wall because all the nasty water was going to run down? Well, that is the cleanest garage countertop in the entire neighborhood. I'll put money on it. Why is this such a big job? Man, I sure would love a break. And you created union against yourself. Anyways, we're ready for the final phase of this spray out and that is the floor level itself. Wow. This was a ton of work and there's still a lot more to do. But how good is it looking right now? And it's amazing knowing that it's so much cleaner and there's no more... Our first free store customers. Can I interest you in a deal? These are free 99 section. This is the free 50 section and that's the free 59. Ring her up. Did I interest you in a brand new paint sprayer for free? That goes on your dog. Dude, I'm making sales left and right. This is insane. Alright, it's day three and what we hope is the last day of this garage project. It's time to take all this junk and find it a home. What's a free sign on it? It's sound like a plan. Yes, but we still have some more stuff to get on here because we have stuff up in the rafters. Some of it that's not even ours. We inherited a garage full of junk and trash when we bought this house and some of it is still up there. I'm out. So here on day three we're going to continue getting things out of the garage. Now if I can only get to the garage through this maze. I feel like this is a two person job. Yes, it is. Let's go sideways because it's going to be two tall. There we go. I think an animal's been living up here. Oh, there he is. Can you give me a light? Oh, I might barf. Maybe we don't clean it up here. I'm pretty sure this is a massive pile of poop. Well, alright. I'm scared to breathe up here. Sometimes Andrea gets in a rush and she won't let me help and she won't take tools. She just goes. Let's have a work. Straight in front of you. I think that's a big pile of poop. Guess I'm not seeing it. That big pile of brown? It's like right there. I think that's a rag or something. I think it's a poop. It's poop. It's like diarrhea poop. Why don't you take your phone up there with a light? I'm like, that's gotta be poop. Okay. I am a poop detective. Okay. It's definitely grody. What are you referring to as a pile of diarrhea? I want to look with the light. I want to see it in the light. That is 100% a pile of poop. Gross. There's old poop there. There's lots of little poop from who knows what. But that's probably from that possum. Okay. Thank you, poop detective. This is so gross. I don't feel like this is not even safe. Come on. You can see your legs. There's only one thing to be done, Pooks. My face is like. And that's to be found, the poop cleaner. I'm gonna put it in the bag. There you go. Maybe it's your whole body and trash bag. Put my whole body and trash bag. Hey, I need some glove. This is a real Debbie Dupy down here. You know what I mean? Just me luck luck. I do luck. If I never see you again, no. But I love you. All right. Let's just begin. Old pear tube docks makes toll sent. Yeah, this is the dukey here. Yeah, that's definitely a dukey. I can't compare. I'm seeing a lot of poop in my bag. And that's definitely poop. Mystery salt. Yeah, I usually put my spare coffee cups up in my garage attic for sure. He's so pretty. He's so pretty. What the heck? Whatever lives here next, you're welcome. What the heck? Old camera. How about bag of chips I opened I was living for a place to put it. The pantry was fresh. I had to fill it up in my garage attic. Yeah. Old fishing pole. I won't fit in my bag. This is actually our item here. There's a one. Oh no, my beautiful queen's garage floor. I'll have room for this either. I feel like I can fit this bag down. That's really sad, man. It worked really hard yesterday to paint this garage floor. That's kind of fun. All right, so this is the long, gross stick pile. The next boss is the giveaway Christmas tree. Which is right here. This should be interesting. I need a reposition. Yeah. Tell me how. Yeah. And more of these stupid things. Oh, Texas in the summer. In a garage with no AC. In the attic. It's a hot combo. I think that's actually it for everything up in the rafters. So now we can just move this stuff out, clean up once again, and then I think we're finally ready. We're bringing everything back in. I'm painting the rafters. It's my favorite thing. I'd love to do it every single day. No, it's not really true at all. I'm glad we're getting it done. Grateful that my body works. Grateful that I can clean up poop. Grateful that we can get this job done. You know what? It just feels right to give it one more nice spray out. After that dusty, dukey mess, you know what I mean? Alright, that does it for clean out. Now we're going to let it dry out. And then we're going to have a blow out sale. And then after all those outs, we're going to bring stuff in. It's time to open the free store, my friends. Where everything is free 99. Our first free item is this table and chair set. Now let me tell you, it's absolutely gorgeous. And it's all yours. The free 99. We're a little brother. Would you look at the finish on this table? It could be yours. You just have to carry it to your car. Next we have decor items for you. This one's upside down. Look at that sick guitar picture and a little light fixture. It just needs a light dusting. These are cabinet doors, Andrews, and for me. And they could be yours for the price of $3.99. Christmas tree for free. It's a team effort out here, folks. Is it time? I think it's time. It's time to start bringing things back in. Uh-oh. She's getting into boxes. What if you've found something? I don't know. I don't know. You've got this on here. Look at these little babies. This is our old kind of memory photo book. We can find any goodies in here. It's me taking black and white photos of Andrew in high school. This is us using the Sepia filter. We felt so cool. We're going to swing around to this wall. It's funny. Something kind of therapeutic about this process. It's just, I don't know. It's really nice. It's finally time to bring this guy inside. Yeah, room for a car in this garage. No way. What's happening? Who are we? I don't know. This feels so good. We're cleaning garage people now. Just like we've always been. If we end up not getting the house then we can put more thought into completely redoing the garage. But this feels incredible for now. Yeah. Let's have a look. She's been doing some work. This? Got all the hall. All the hall. We got our way out. Wow. Router bits. Good stuff. Here's a look at this. Mm-hmm. All my different kinds of bits are organized. So many bits. Unbelievable. Paint stuff. We're not that excited. Oh my goodness. What is it? Look at that spider. What the heck is that? Is that what a black widow looks like? I don't know. I can't see it. Oh, there. Yeah, the black female. Look at that. Oh my gosh. I don't know what that is. But I didn't know it. Oh, Dave. I couldn't wait any longer. I was like, it's going to get away. It's going to hide. And then it's going to be somewhere. And I'm not going to know where it is. Oh, that's that. That was gross. That was like, that feels like that's definitely poisonous. All of the house materials and one nice little spot. Paint, tile, flooring. All right. So we are done inside the garage. But before we do the reveal, we want to clean up a little bit out here, huh? Well, I have some scrap wood to put in there. It's not very much, though. That's right. Forget about the wood. Before we give you the grand reveal, we're going to clean up this outside. But man, we're so close. We're so close. Yeah. We forgot one item for the free store. All right, guys. Well, we're about ready for the reveal. But before that, I was going to give you the breakdown on our free store. But it has some good news and some bad news. Good news is the free store went so well that there's nothing left. The bad news is we've been up here working this whole time and we didn't even notice that people were taking the stuff that we put out front. So I have no real free store footage for you. I was really hoping to get into a sale, sale, sale, you know, kind of really wheel and deal some. But then have to. Now let's just look at this finished garage. I tell you what, I am so glad to be done with this garage project. Woo! Me too, man. You know, there's nothing more enjoyable than spending four to six hours a day in a hot garage during summertime in Texas with no AC, no fan, no breeze. Just faking in there. I think I lost like 20 pounds and I don't need to lose 20 pounds, you know what I mean? This is definitely the best garage cleanout we've ever done. Yes. I've done that many but like. Oh, we've done a few. But I think, I don't know, when you have the possibility of moving, even though we still don't know. It's really motivating, you know, it just makes me want to be like, I don't move this to another house, like pack it up. Nope. Give it away. It's all free. You can have it all. It's all free. I think we literally gave away half. Was it half? It was probably half of the things in our garage we literally just gave away. I'm not even thinking. I think I'm exaggerating. I think it was that much. Does like, I'm attached this and over here. Yep, give it away. So I can say, it feels so good to get rid of a bunch of things that you just, you don't use anymore. Maybe in one season of life you use them and they were, you know, worth having around. But if it's been a year, two years, four years since you touched that thing, we just don't need it anymore and it's taking up all the space in our garage. So to get rid of all of that feels like, oh, it really does. So not wait, can we just pause and put on a little therapeutic music? It's so great. Very cool. You know what else is great? What? It was going through all my tools. Yes. I was out there early one morning organizing my little tool chest. I don't know what that thing's called. It's a tool chest. So I like, no where all my stuff is. I got rid of all the extra stuff so you don't have to like, sift through as much. Our garage is looking amazing. We're getting a little bit loopy. Thanks for joining us for the ride. And you know what, we'll catch you next week for another DIY adventure. You're on YouTube! They're on YouTube. Bro, I thought you were going to be in the garage. You're out here, man. Good to see you. I don't think you read it. Oh, this is pretty. I don't think you read it. It's too bad. Oh, this eddy. I don't think you read it. It's so bad. It's so bad. It's so bad. My bar tool, duty list is full. I made your job list and survived this garage clean out. What? What do you mean? It was a joy. I think you've got a hair ball in there probably for that. You know, that's gross. From a cat or a rodent or a bunny that was trapped in our garage. That's gross to say that. Stop it! That's it! Oh, my arm. That was... I'm sorry.