 Hey guys, so I finally took my insanely messy garage and transformed it to the ultimate hang. Awesome. That you can still park cars in and it was all a surprise. Stay tuned for the kids' reaction and how I pulled this off. Okay, so you know I've been trying to tackle this garage for years. We got this. We are getting this done! My moral support. I got that vertical storage unit. Okay, you guys can see the vision. I discovered vacuum bags. What's been missing in my life? I even got a ping pong table for motivation except we can never find the balls. I swear every time I'd make progress, Ross would buy another piece of random kids' workout equipment. Oh, these are track hurdles no one's used. So fast forward to this last December, I hired this great guy, Ole, to come hang my Christmas lights. And of course I was apologizing for my garage and he's like, I can do something about it. Have this all cleared out, I will power wash on Monday. Wow, so here's the thing, I love filming. We're gonna do this! Except it does slow me down. So I don't have as much footage, but really what worked was number one, tons of donations. It helps set my kids, like are officially big kids now. So all the car seats and stuff went to padding up to the attic. Oh, a creepy up here. I actually did clear a lot of space elsewhere. Darnation! Oh, so a lot could be moved up to the attic. And then for keepstakes, I cut that vertical storage unit and put it in the closet in the gym. Still not used. Honestly, I was up all night and it was kind of a blur, but moving on to construction. We did this all in a week while the kids were in school, so our garage was never renovated. And we have this like unfinished concrete. Really only the spiders liked. And the nest. But you can't get rid of concrete. So what we did, and you see the red primer here, we covered it with white slats, which looked so much better. And then did this cool brush technique with gray paint. I'm gonna skip ahead a little to Christmas morning reaction. What? I think they were mostly shocked that it was clean. Be careful! Be careful! Okay, so what goes inside? Electronic darts. I actually cut up a yoga mat to protect the wall behind it. Basketball hoop was another month's tab. This ceiling mounted yoga swing has been a huge favorite. Not just for a test, but for everyone. And they love this big tumbling roller too. I've always loved air hockey. And less than that least, we can finally play ping pong. Although the kids will never beat me. Oh! Okay, other items. I'm going to still function as a car garage. So I thought this really slim table that the kids can hang out on, do their homework. But it doesn't take a lot of space up. Same with this comfy chair. You can fold up, and it's super lightweight. And we got rocky a little bed too. The TV was tough. I ended up getting an over the fireplace mount that I could pull down. And then push back up when I wanted to park a car there. And then I love these two storage units. Because I can just stash all the stuff we need. I'm not working as easy yet. And it stays hidden. Alright, so here's some more before and afters. There's definitely a chit chat about adding some more soccer stuff. And so this is a work in progress. But I just wanted to show you because I cannot find a lot of online inspiration when I was doing this. So hopefully this helps. Thank you so much for watching and I will see you soon. Bye!