 I bought the cheapest to one star reviewed flooring product I could find and I used it to cover my garage floor Everyone said I was an idiot for doing it and I would regret it today. We'll find out how stupid I really was or Wasn't weren't Swole alert there are two huge problems and they aren't what you're thinking welcome to Haxman y'all When I did my garage overhaul slash makeover three months ago I wanted something durable and long lasting good looking and stylish and Dirt cheap because yeah those things usually go really well together now. Let me show you what I got Wala these carpet tiles were the absolute cheapest flooring I could find and it's not even close these were 79 cent a square foot which saved me Thousands of doll hairs versus using a more traditional or Sane garage flooring now like almost everything they had some good reviews and they had some terrible reviews Brook Brook wrote my general contractor asked me if these tiles were a joke or not Anonymous says these were the cheapest carpet tiles we could find and they almost met that expectation Vicki says we were trying to find an economical carpet tile to go into a closet However, we had no idea it would be paper thin David says at least one third one third really of the tiles were not cut square Jim says I strongly suggest you don't buy it So you know obviously after reading all that I decided I'm buying it Now right off the bat when I opened the box I was shocked at how thin they were I've used carpet tiles before in the past and they were about a quarter inch thick and Much stiffer as you can see this is not at all step but no worries because that means they're super flexible And they'll probably stick to the floor even better I'll just I'll just go ahead and remove the the backing off of them here Oh Okay, so We've got a problem with the paper backing Oh Taking Half the glue off Well, I prefer to think positively and it leaves half of the glue there. Let's um, let's just Let's get that one out of the way side note you do get hairy boogers on your fingers From these carpet tiles, you know, so Anyway, little Picking and flicking action for you. Let's try another box Hmm Yes That could be a problem Does not look Particularly square let's put the framing square on it and see yeah Definitely definitely not square and here's another one. Let me pull up another one here Just so that we can get a better better view of that Okay Yeah Yeah, not uh Holy smoke look at this look at this we got a weed right here a little whoop and then a big whoop over here Not even close to being square Clearly the factory that makes these has Zero quality control But you know what let's go with it. Let's go ahead. Let's put them down. Let's see what happens. That's what I said They're cut uneven Look at this check this out Having started sticking them yet. Here's the black one. I lay the gray one beside it. It's like half an inch almost Plus If you look at the edge here, let me just put that there on It's like It's like they're cutting these with scissors With their toes It took me a lot longer than I anticipated to lay them obviously Mostly because of having to recut a lot of the tiles and trying not to pull the glue off of the back of them Whenever I was laying them down now luckily once I had about a quarter of the floor laid the tiles were more consistent And I just kind of learned how I can manipulate them and pull and stretch them better as I put them down I also figured out how to pull the backing off without pulling the glue off Honestly though once they were down. I thought they looked pretty great But almost immediately I found the first problem and I'll get to that in a second now One thing to keep in mind is I don't use this garage to park vehicles I use this garage as my shop or my youtube studio now that means I'm cutting and sanding wood in here a lot and that means Sawdust sawdust was my biggest concern before I pulled the trigger on these carpet tiles But I found a video on stumpy nubs channel where he spoke about laying carpet down in his commercial wood shop And he was really happy with it in addition to sawdust when I'm working on projects It gets messy and jumped up in here until I can clean it up now This space is my loading dock my prep station and my storage facility all in one I just finished a big project that made a huge mess in here And so I figured it's the perfect opportunity to show you how it cleans up I even have what's left of a palette of mortar and cement in here and I have no idea what's under that But almost certainly it's messing But I figured you'll be able to see an almost real time how well this cleans up or doesn't You It's not close up down here. Get a close-up camera close-up right here Ready are we ready? Yes This out of the way here here is is the real mess I ran out of vacuum power so I did my best but as you can see it looks a lot better now as stumpy nubset in his video It does get dirtier than concrete, but I mean It's just instead of sweeping it I vacuum it and if you leave your concrete floor dirty You probably would leave your carpet dirty, okay? So if you're if you're gonna be clean you're gonna be clean That's it Let me get down here and I'll show you a close-up of this and we'll see How clean or dirty it really is I'll be honest with you that looks like it could be a ducky stain from a no-oh Paul but that was underneath the the palette so I'm pretty sure that's some type of mud It's walk around here where it was really bad and That is a lot better But Let's come down in close yeah See you can see you the saw does still does show up And that could be partly because I just didn't vacuum it well enough but Doesn't show up there But it does there so if it isn't the sawdust that's a big problem. What is it? Well Okay, I have a German shepherd named storm and a Belgian malenwahn named havoc and the good news is they only shed twice a year The first six months of the year and the last six months of the year now this carpet is a magnet for dog hair And they walk through here a lot. It's just something I just didn't get any thought to The fur doesn't really show up that bad on the gray tiles You've been quite over here The fur doesn't show up that bad on the gray tiles, but honestly I had a huge brain fart whenever I chose the black carpet I was just thinking Garage so checkerboard and automatically went with black and gray If I were to do it again, I would just go with Either the same shade of gray that I've got here because nothing really shows up on it or I would go with a Dark gray and a light gray. Look at the fur going everywhere. Look at it. Look at it. It's something animal You're the real culprit of the fur. If dog hair on black carpet is the number one problem I've had what is the second big problem? Well, I've gotten a few glue drips on it But I was able to scrape those up for the most part and we something heavy like this table Okay, when I roll it around it does leave an imprint in the carpet But after a while that comes out and because these carpet tiles were so cheap I ordered extra and that brings me to the biggest problem I've had So how did this happen? Hey, this is a high traffic area. We walk through here a lot. It's like I don't know. Did I sit Something heavy on here. I got a lot of heavy tools in here that I drag something across it I don't know something pulled that up and it's There's just no stick left to that. There's no putting that back down So we'll find out how easy these are to replace since that was always my original intent with this with it being so cheap I bought a bunch extra tiles. Let's see how hard it is to pull up Okay, not very hard. I mean it sticks good What's weird is when I'm pulling this up? None of the glue is coming up. The glue is staying down So the trick with this is to peel it very slow Because Because they are sitting here We kind of stretch a little bit Which I don't know how that looked like long time There you have it I mean, that's not bad Oh, and you see more hairy boogers Roll these up I'm just gonna put them up underneath there. I keep my other boogers So what could have made that carpet pull up? Surely the answer must be out there surely surely We must be able to figure out what what could have done this Okay, I mean like I said his name is havoc. I left him out here for about five minutes one day while I was doing something And nothing puts joy in his heart Like scratching at carpet like a lunatic. I think he thinks the rabbit's hide underneath it. So I'm 99.9% sure that That he scraped that up like that. Yeah, I don't have anything for you dude So I think I've just realized that in fact The problem isn't the carpet at all. It's these two But I think I'll keep them anyway And I think I'll keep the carpet now if you want to see how I saved even more money on this garage makeover and How I put a ton of storage into a tiny space Check this link out right here, and I will see you next time Right good left Good left Good, it's a pretty Good Way Yes yes