 So about two years ago we moved into this house, this garage, and it was just a complete mess. So one day I took everything out, reorganized it, put it all in here, and so today we're gonna be going over what worked well, what didn't, and then the shop is done now, so we're gonna be moving everything into the shop and applying some of what we learned here to there, and we're gonna organize. So first one of the things that worked well was these cabriels, so these are low as brand cobalt cabriels, and it's not really the brand that matters, it's just having a rail system where you can see like all this stuff here is up off the floor, I mean pretty much so I can shove other stuff underneath it, but it gets stuff organized really well up high where you can see it, it's modular, reconfigurable, so as your stuff changes over time, you can take hooks off, put hooks on, put different stuff up there, and it works really well. The pegboard, as usual, pegboard is always great, I really like pegboard a lot more than I like toolboxes, I know a lot of people like toolboxes, the thing is even though I've labeled my drawers, I still have trouble finding stuff, and stuff in here hasn't moved in years, and it just takes me so much longer to find something in a toolbox than it does up on a pegboard because it's just right there, you can see it, you can reach for it. Kind of along the same lines, I don't like cabinets, I really like shelving, and this is all worked out really well, so if you remember, these were actually all cabinets when we moved in, and I got so frustrated with them after putting everything in there and not being able to find it, I ripped the doors off one day. So shelving for sure, not cabinets, I mean I know the cabinets look really nice, but it's more I think for aesthetics than utility, so we're going to be going with shelves in the new shop. One thing I didn't expect to like was these drawers, these have been super handy, they were here whenever we moved in, and what I've been using them for is hardware, so typically with like screws and stuff, the way I used to do is like I stacked them on a shelf, right? And so you'd have the screws there, but you want to get to the one at the bottom, so you've got to move these ones on top, get to the one at the bottom, and then everything gets unorganized really quickly, but with a drawer, they're all right there, you can see what you got, we got our nails over here, and so you can just again kind of like the pegboard, you can just reach for whatever you need and grab it. So we're going to be doing drawers of some sort for hardware, I think it looks more to really good for hardware. One thing that didn't work out well was this outlet right here, like kind of right in the middle of the workbench, so my thought was like, oh, you want to plug something in, you want to plug it in right in the middle, where it's easy to get to. The problem is though, say you're working on something like wrench on this battery right here, you want to plug something in, well now whatever you're working on is in the way of your plugs, and you plug something in, then your cords in the way, it just doesn't go well together. So luckily I already realized that I moved the outlets in the shop, so you kind of want your outlets, I'd say, over to the side. They do have those outlet strips that I used to use, those a lot, the thing is they're not rated for high amps, so you can't just like plug a welder or something into them. So we're sticking with traditional outlets, but just off to the side and not in the middle of the workbench. So this power step up on the wall, this was a first for me, I wasn't sure how I was going to go, but this has been so good. I used to just put my battery chargers down on the workbench, but up here out of the way is really easy to just take your battery off whatever tool. Turning here, it starts charging, and then whatever's done, we got these little battery holders I found on Amazon, you just take your battery off, put it up there, and then you know that those batteries up there are charged, whatever you need when you just come grab one, they're right there, super easy to get to. Also these drawers, I guess they're made by Craftsmen, it's not so much the drawers, but like the size of the drawer, so I've had these in the past where they have like these little, itty bitty, tiny drawers, and you can't really fit anything in them. These, they're more like, I don't know what's that, like almost two inches by four inches, the size of these is really good for putting a whole bunch of stuff in. I might be getting some more of these. And having these right next to the thread checker has been amazing, the thread checker itself is awesome, and states of the end, we're giving another one away. These shelves over here, so these are, I think I said this last time, like adjustable shelves, so I've been able to kind of, you know, re-level these as things change over here. These have been great, even though, I mean, these are like the cheap ones, like the MDF on here, whatever, but they, they've been holding up, I think these same shelves came from like my old house, and they've been doing great now for years. This wire holder, I might be getting another one of these, just because this one's all full, but these are amazing, keeps all your wire easy to get to, you can just pull it off the roll if you need to. These wood holders are in our case metal holders, this is my first time trying out these, and those have been amazing. Definitely getting some more of those, it gets all your wood, your spare materials up off the floor, you can see it, you can get to it different sizes, those have been great. Air compressor, over in the corner, out of the way. That was a good idea, we got our air hose reel here, you can pull it out, use it wherever you need to. Kind of the same thing with the garage back, the idea was to have these over in the corners, you could get out to, you know, put air in your car tires, vacuum like your car, that sort of stuff. That's worked out really well. What hasn't worked out as great is the extension cord reel over here. The extension cord reel itself is amazing, but one of the problems I had is what I'll do a lot of times is get two cars in here, right? I'll pull the escalate out so I can get over there and have room to work on the workbench, but I'm not doing something dirty, I'll just leave the corvette in here. Then you get the problem of, if you want your extension cord, you've got to pull it out, and then it's either on top of the corvette, you've got to route it around, and that just takes up time. So extension cord reel probably needs to go on the other side where you do most of your work, so we'll apply that to the shop, and speaking of the shop. So it is ready to go, the lifts up, all the paint and the walls are done. So we kind of like the garage, the first thing you want to do to organize anything is like get everything out of there, and luckily, there's not a lot in here to get out, it's mostly just work benches. You see we've got some stuff in here already, so this is K-Reels ready to go. So we're going to start putting up stuff here in just a second first though, and you need to paint again, these work benches, if you remember I got them at auction, about a year ago, they came all messed up like this. So I'm probably going to mess them up myself over time, but it would be nice to start with fresh work benches, so we're going to paint those real quick, and then start bringing stuff in, start organizing. That's been part of my problem. I don't know exactly what I want to do. Like I know I need some shelves, I might need some drawers, but I don't know exactly what yet. So I'm going to go ahead, start getting stuff in here, see what we need. Go from there. Now, you wouldn't think it'd be possible to fail at something as simple as moving into and setting up a shot, but I found a way. Pickle beer. As you can see, this shelf right here, it don't fit so good, it's not going to fit in between the wall and the workbench. And I swear I measured, but apparently I measured what's the word incorrectly, drink if you measure it incorrectly. So this isn't entirely bad, I was actually, I didn't like that this side right here was only 18 inches, and the workbench itself was more like 25 inches, so they weren't going to line up very well. But what we're going to do now to fix this is we're going to cut the shelf and we're going to remake it into the shape so that we want so it fits more better. So I'm just going to finish this here, pickle beer real quick and then play with the grinder and things should go well. On second thought, the more I play with this, the more it's starting to look like a rectangle. So we're just going to return this, get a rectangle one and not waste any time just trying to make this work. So moving on. So the shelves are up. So the shelves are up. So this is actually six sets of shelves. They're only supposed to be this tall, but I made them double that. So if you look on these guys right here, there's like two rivets. So the way they're going to do it if you want to do the same thing as you put one rivet above the break and one rivet below the break on the little seam right here and that holds your shelves together. I also put a board here on the wall, screwed it into the studs and then screwed the shelves into the board so it shouldn't come off the wall now. I also on the front here, I bolted all the rails together. So this thing is, it's really sturdy now. If I hadn't had shoulder surgery last week, I probably would have climbed up there to show you just how sturdy it is, but oh no, so sad. And so I did mention earlier that MDF shells are fine. The thing with these, I just wanted the color to look right in here. And so these are actually metal shelves. They're really thin metal shelves though, but they have all these reinforcements in them. So we'll see how they do. I forget what brand they are, but I'll link to it in the description. And then these over here, we got this in place of that angoli shelf thing. Same brand. It fits. It's okay. I mean, we knew this was bound to happen, right? We're blocking out, but we'll live with it, deal with it, figured out. This guy right here, I picked this up from Harbor Freight. So this is going to be for all of our big bolts and stuff that just really have nowhere to ever go. So I think it's going to be good for that. These bins are admittedly pretty flimsy, but I guess you could replace them with more heavy duty bins. You get from somewhere else, but the rack itself is pretty nice. This should work out well. So I'm about to put a board up to secure this shelf to the wall, right? And we need to find a stud to screw into. Now there's the, you know, you can use a stud finder. Those don't always work. You can use the tapping method in that works for me like half the time, but what always works is a magnet. So you're gotten out of it right here. So we know there's a stud on either side of that outlet. So what you do is you take a magnet and you kind of run it along until you find somewhere right there. You just screw into the stud holding the drywall onto the wall. So we know there's a stud there and now we can measure 16 inches either way. Steads are 16 on center and we can find all of our studs to screw into. Now that we get the shelves up, I think it's time to move in more stuff. Now as you can see, pegboard is pretty much done, I think. So I think it's time for a quick update. So I think most everything I want is up here and admittedly it's not 100% the best use of pegboard space like these files. They probably don't need to be right there, but I had a dead spot and they fit there. So there they went. I tried to arrange things into like departments. So over here we've got measuring. Then you've got your adjustable wrenches, you've got your channel locks there. We've got screwdriver and stuff down here, regular type wrenches, box wrenches, hammers, a couple of saws for the heck of it, vice grips. Over here we've got kind of our like consumer bulls. We've got grinder wheels, tape, reciprocating saw blades, glue, a little bit of glue is always good thing to have out. Clamps up and around. And so now that we've got everything where it's happy on the pegboard, the last step is to put these little hold down things on. So these are little plastic, I don't know, clip things that hold your peg onto the board to that way when you take a wrench off. You don't accidentally do that. And that's why all of my pegs here are spaced like to a part. So plastic thing goes right over that into the other holes. And then whenever you're going to take your wrench off, it doesn't go anywhere. So good, that done. You guys right here, these are the replacements for those little, I don't know, storage container things that I cut the holes out of the top of in the last garage. Other just little little cups that mount onto your pegboard with a little pegboard mount. And there they look like they'll work pretty good. You can fit a lot of pens or grease pens or pencils or other things in them. For battery charging, we ended up doing the same thing we did in the other garage. I just really liked the way it worked out over there just having stuff on the wall being able to see your battery. So that is all right there. This shelf over here is starting to come together. I think what I'm going to do is it's going to be, yeah, so a bunch of parts you can see they're starting to pile into here all the big stuff that doesn't really have a good home. I think my drills and stuff are going to hang out in this general area. Up here we've got grinders, saws and stuff. And the corner will stuff stuff that we never really use down here. I'm just, this is just staging. We're working on that. I know I mentioned I don't like toolboxes, but I went and bought one or at least a toolbox topper this because on top of a rolling toolbox. And this is really just for like go pros and charging stuff. It's also really good for us. So I've got like all these magnetic flashlights now. And so you can just throw these guys up there that fell down. Oh, don't forget about back to the 80s and 90s, the FW Car Show. So three flashlights up there and you can charge them right here. I think the theme of today is going to be magnets because I'm discovering a lot of good magnet stuff. So these are just little magnet hooks from Harbor Freight. They can put like your headlamp on there. Another thing from Harbor Freight that's magnetic is this guy right here. And I'm not going to really use it on the edge of the toolbox here. But I've been using this on the scissor lift and it's been really handy to have a little tray to put your stuff so you can use it in other places around your shop. Oh, I need a cup holder or given one of these away today too. These things, it was another six pack situation. So I was going to buy two and two was like $12 or something. And then they had a six pack for like $15. So why not put six of them. One of these will be one of today's prizes. Just stick those wherever you need to drink. I almost forgot. Thread checker installed. If you've ever been to Ace Hardware, you've seen one of these. They're amazing. There's lots of different types of thread checkers out there. This one is just the best. It's the best. The way I wound up with this is so much of the story I just described. They were they're like $60 and I was like, it's too expensive for a thread checker. But one day I just decided I'm worth it. And I got one and Amazon sent me six of them. So I thought I'd messed up in order to six pack but come to find out they are actually $60 thread checkers and they oops sent me six and I started giving them away. So we have one left and at the end of today's video I'll tell you how to enter to win that or the cup holder. I think we're going to wait one more thing too. But yeah, tools are up there and we've actually we started emptying this thing out like this tool box here. It is almost we're getting towards empty. So there's still some stuff to do. But I think the plan is I want to empty this thing out completely get rid of it or just move it back to the other garage for other stuff. Maybe put a couch right here that could just be good to have. And so all the sockets in here, Alan did give me he has his old rolling cart here. This right now is completely empty. So I'm going to start moving some stuff over to here. We also need to get up the the K rails on the wall. I'm trying to decide where the K rails go where the wood rack goes. So I'll figure that out in a second. We'll get that up. Why a rack brought that over from the garage. That's looking good. The shelves. I think I may have over done it. I think I just got too excited that I had tall ceilings and I was like, oh, I need tall shelves and I can only I can only reach so high. So there's top few rows. I think I'm just going to stuff like this stuff all my my shameful boxes. So these are parts for a certain car that I've never installed. And so we're just going to put those up there until we're ready for them. It'll it'll be just fine. And so just like the last garage and the pegboard over there, I tried to keep things in like departments again. So up here and over here, this is like all of your electrical stuff. We've got kind of plumbing up there down here. You start to get into automotive and automotive is like up in this section. And then the rest of this, well, there's automotive again, but that's pretty much all woodworking. Well, there's a metal saw just kind of fit there. Oh, so sandpaper. I've had a sandpaper problem for a really long time. And that problem is like organizing the sandpaper. Typically, I just have like a bucket with all of my sandpaper in it and you can never find any of it. So these are paper organizer racks like just for an office or home office or something. So it got those off of Amazon. And so what we've got here, we got like, you know, our regular sandpaper. We've got our what sanding sandpaper. We've got our dry ball sander sandpaper. We've got interference pads belt sander sanding block scotch by all this stuff. And you can get to it. You can see it. You can just go grab the one you need. So I think that's going to work out pretty well. I've also been trying to organize my tools into groups. So rather than just have like all the battery powered tools in one location over here. We've got all of our sanders down here. We've got all of our woodworking tools. So that's that's the goal anyway. Sometimes stuff just doesn't fit because it's too big like the drywall sander. It's over there. It's going to have to go in the wall somewhere, but we're trying another thing I found on Amazon. And I think these are going up in here in a second. We do the K rails. These are clamp holders. And so they have like different sizes. So that's for like narrow clamps. Those are for like your big pipe clamps, which I have some of that we're going to need to put up. And this is actually is really cool the way they work. They know that your studs are 16 on center, right? And then they made their racks here so they overlap. So you get this rack on a stud and you get that rack on a stud. And they all fit together. There's another one in here. Just like so pretty cool. And then the last piece of the equation I think is drawer. So I mentioned earlier. I like to that the other garage had drawers right underneath the workbench in here. You can see we don't have any drawers. So I'm going to fix that problem by making some drawers and then I think we're going to be pretty much done. So everything I just said right now. Spicy pickle beer. This was this was a good one. It's spicy. So for Christmas Santa Claus brought this nice metal bender. And so on these drawers we have these really nicely bent metal edges. Those came out great. Go to put the drawer into the workbench and if you can see right back there. Doesn't matter how good your bends are if you can't measure the drawer is like an eighth of an inch too big. I've been thinking about ways to fix it. The first was to just drink this terrible punishment. I think the best way to do it is I'm going to have to cut off aside make it like an eighth and shorter and then weld it back on. Goodbye pre-bend. Alright so it has been a minute. It took me a full two days to make these drawers which seems really silly but they work now. So this drawer over here. This is everything that was left in this big toolbox. So if you take a look here it is all empty. Everything is gone. This is going to be back over to the other garage. There was a surprising amount of stuff in here. I know I said earlier I don't really like toolboxes but if you're looking to stuff a bunch of stuff into a small space they can hold a lot. I was really surprised. So yeah we got driver bits, drill bits sort of stuff over here we start to get into safety apparel. Underneath those are our cleaning supplies. Super clean keeps sending us stuff so we have a super clean section there. I've got your cleaners, some lubricants, a WD40 and stuff. Tows. Over here we're back into hardware so we've got all of our screws and stuff out of the drawers in the garage. Ziplock bag. This is a new one for me. I don't know how many times over the years I've walked from the garage to the house to grab a bag but no more. This is now a Ziplock bag garage. I then kind of go in with the hardware we got more hardware over here. I think we covered that earlier. The shopped law has not been filled with candy because my child insisted over there this where our drills and stuff we're going to live and then we're just going to shove everything we don't really care about in the back there. So you may have noticed I put the steel rack up and then I took the steel rack down. It just it wasn't working very well in that location. This this close to the workbench needs to be things I use more often than steel so the steel has moved. It is over in this garage now. I put up a second rack too for wood there and to store some of the the race ramps that came in. This is at least temporary for now because I'm still thinking about what I want to do in this garage. It could be more like drive in movie theater sort of things so we may need those walls blank for a projector but TBD. So yeah the rails everything you probably notice things keep moving around same with the pegboard things keep moving around but that's one of the great things about having a rail system is that stuff changes you just move a little what do they call the hook you move a little hook. And then you can put it wherever you want you don't have to drill a new hole fill hole all that sort of stuff and if you're putting these up especially the ones from lows they sell these really expensive black screws. I just use drywall screws on the last garage video somebody commented and said hey drywall screws are really brittle and they'll just fall off the wall. What they didn't realize is you put enough brittle screws into something it'll hold so I've never had a problem with them falling off the wall. One other thing that's going to change probably is the air compressor I spent a lot of time putting an outlet in right there for it so it could live right here and then I came over the other day and he was like hey why don't you put your air compressor and the other garage and just run a line in here. It's going to be way better you won't hear it and I got actually a nice spot over here. So like right behind the door here once I move all this junk it can live right there will be able to pass the line right through into the shop in a good location and we can also run it you know kind of wherever else we need to. But that will be in the future different episode. So also up here I put the pipe rack clamp up you know high out of the way that's been working well so far. I also I took one of the other ones for welding clamps actually bolted it into the side of the welding table here so those are you know right where you need them when you need them. This toolbox is now full of all of your sockets and socket accessories. Admittedly I could probably do better job getting different socket organizers these ones are not the best they're kind of hard to get off and you don't know what you're grabbing until you've already grabbed it. So I probably look into different socket organizers in the future but for now that's just the way things are one of the problems I'm having though is a place for a vice so normally I'll take it and I put it on like the end of my workbench somewhere but the problem is on this end you have no room on that end you have no room. So I'm not sure exactly what to do I know they make like standalone by stands that you can use but we already have the jaw horse over there and that's basically the same thing. But one idea I had was I've never seen a like a work truck with a vice put out the the hitch receiver I think what I might do is take a piece of metal that a trailer hitch can fit into. Well that right in here and then make a mount for the vice and then whenever I need the vice I can slot it in use the vice and then take it out whenever I don't want it that way it's not in the way in the middle of the workbench. If you have any other ideas let me know but that's what I'm thinking right now up next we have some speakers here get some sound going so these are in ceiling speakers and you can see they're actually in a garage ceiling right there so I've had these type of speakers in every house I've lived in for the past decade to usually work out really well get speakers out of the way they have good sound. I think it's though we don't have a ceiling we never had a ceiling we have rafters so I had an idea he's like take a piece of wood throw the speakers in and then just put them up there so that's what we're going to do this is actually the crate from the metal break we're going to reuse that after speakers is actually the last part of garage organization which is not organizing at all it's garage decoration so speakers decoration and then we're going to give away the thread checker a couple other things are on the home stretch here we go. you got the feet you got the feet you got the feet you got the feet. So I just want to try out the new sofa bed here and as you can see. Oh it's because... oh no. Mmm, pickle beer. It's because I installed it upside down. It could be because, not through the instructions away. But you know what? It's got a big old cheer, so the pickle beer in the sky over there. Because that's the thing now. Mmm, so salty. And I'm just going to unassemble and reassemble this. And so there you have it, we are done. So that is the exhaust, the old exhaust off the Viper. The V10, so the flag there, that's for the EPA. So we've also got a couch here, this is a sleeper sofa sort of thing. And I know that the couch is don't usually go in garages, but the thing is our house isn't really that big, we get a lot of guests staying with us. And so whenever we have a lot of people over, I can just leave and come out here and be by myself. And we have the emergency and failure sections. So you know if you get hurt or you hurt something, we can take care of both of those problems. And then we just got like some flag, license plates, signs. I do actually have, I have a lot more stuff I just didn't want to get too crowded. Mr. Nobody has given me some posters and stuff. So some more stuff might go up, but for now, this is what we're going with. And with that, let's get to giving away a thread checker and some other stuff. Now you may be asking yourself, why do I need a thread checker? If you go to the hardware store that typically have these things there, you can check your threads at the hardware store. Well, if, say for example, you're polishing a car exhaust and your buffer pad decides to leave this world and you don't know what thread pitch you have on your buffer pad, you can come over here. Very quickly figure out that is a, 16 by 24 buffer pad, order a new one, go on your way. So they're super useful to have around. So we're giving away one new in the box, thread checker actually probably picks that hole before I ship it. We're also giving away one of the cup caddies. These are pretty cool. We use them all around the shop here. Here's one right here. Whenever you fail, you can have your pickle beard there or you could have your pickle beard here or just wherever you want. Apparently they work on both lawn mowers and forklifts. So you're giving that way too. And then the, I mentioned we have a super clean section over here due to the folks super clean. They are going to give away some stuff too. So you'll get a degreaser and a foaming spray degreaser if you win that. So the way this is going to work, leave a comment in the comment section. Something about a thread checker. Doesn't have to be witty. It can just be the words thread checker. And that will enter you to win everything. There's some more technical details in the rules like it's being the lower 48 states. That sort of thing. But the way it's going to work is I'll sign everybody a random number. I have whoever comments. And then once you three you'll win whatever you get. If you don't want the cup caddy and you really just want the thread checker, you can pass. We'll give it to somebody else. That's fine. But they're all going away. If you have one week from the day this video airs, put the date on the screen. If it's after that date, don't send me an email asking for a thread checker because everybody is still doing that from the last video. So that is it for moving into the shop. Hope you all like the way it turned out. Now that's actually done, we can get some work in here. But until next time, I'm going to use our new emergency section here. I got my done with the screw. So I'm going to get a band-aid. And what the fuck? All right, that was probably a long video. So thanks for hanging around. But since the shop is done, you may be wondering what's next. Luckily, since we now have a handy dandy whiteboard, we can make a list. This says priorities and or projects. So this is obviously the RX-7. I said before, as soon as the lift goes up, we would get to work on it. What I really meant was, as soon as the lift is up, we're like, we're moved in, which now we're moved in. So there's no excuse except there's now a greenhouse. So if you look right here and there, and then all down there, and there's some outside too, that is all a 15 by 20-foot greenhouse. It's going to go on the other side of this garage in between the garage and the house. So I promised you all that I'd do the RX-7, but I also promised my wife that I would build her a greenhouse. So guess who's getting ahead of the RX-7? We'll make numbers here. One. There is also the other garage that you just saw, three car garage. There is also the two car garage. Let's take a look over there too. So if you notice, it's pretty bear in here now. There's not too much left in here. Actually, I'm thinking about taking the shop back on the wall there and putting it over in the shop, maybe in place of the wire holder, but whatever we're about that later. This is mostly spray paint is going to move over too, but this is mostly going to be like house stuff, storage type stuff, except. If you notice over here, I have left all of my spray guns. And that is because RX-7 is going to need to be painted, right? And in here, we have a nice large area that could turn into a big paint booth. So, two car garage paint booth project. We also still have this. So if you remember, that was a grill I bought to redo my outdoor kitchen to last house, and then we unexpectedly moved, and it's been sitting in a box since then. So I still need to build an outdoor kitchen. We're going to make that two car garage slash a paint booth. Got an outdoor kitchen. Oh, I almost forgot about probably one of the most important ones. The bathroom. The bathroom is still, no one's done it yet. So, I can't come out here and sleep without a bathroom. Oh, and there's the truck. I think we're going to be doing truck things soon. Oh, and there's the 55, hang on. So the rope shelves rode up there. That entire row, all parts for the 55, primarily steering type stuff. We're a new power steering, have a new steering wheel. I actually hang on. It appears that someone ordered some bumpers. Two, bumper, bumper. So, as you can see, there's a lot to do. If you all want to vote on what you want to see next, assign them a number down in the comments, and we'll take that into consideration. Greenhouse is first though. I'd like to get the bathroom done. I'd also like to get the RX-7. I'd like to get it all done. All right, that's it for real. I got it. Gonna get started.